Rich Wilde and the Wandering City Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rich Wilde and the Wandering City is a 5 by 3 video slot game with 243 payways. In the base game and FREE SPINS there is a random chance to activate x2 multiplier on reels 2, 3 or 4. Winning on a reel with an active multiplier applies the multiplier to your win. Winning on more than one reel with an active multiplier results in a cumulative multiplier being applied. WILD SCATTER symbols can land on any reel. 3 or more WILD SCATTER symbols can trigger FREE SPINS with an initial 10 rounds. FREE SPINS can be re-triggered with 10 additional FREE SPINS awarded up to a maximum of 5 times, by landing an additional 3 or more WILD SCATTER symbols during FREE SPINS. Before FREE SPINS begins, a symbol is chosen from any of the high or low-paying symbols to become a Special EXPANDING SYMBOL during the entire FREE SPINS sequence. After prizes for regular winning combinations have been recognized, the Special EXPANDING SYMBOL may expand to cover all three positions on its reel. This symbol will only expand when it is part of a winning combination. The Special EXPANDING SYMBOLS do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP : 96.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/5/2023