Reactoonz 100 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules REACTOONZ 100 is a cascading game played on a 7x7 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. All symbols removed via wins during a game round contribute to charging the 5 QUANTUM FEATURES. When a charge meter is fully charged, one of the following quantum feature is added to the queue randomly: IMPLOSION: Transforms 3 to 6 symbols into WILD symbols, while also destroying all adjacent symbols ALTERATION: Chooses 1 random one-eyed symbol, and all matching symbols turn into another symbol. In case there are no one-eyed symbols on the grid, the feature can choose any available symbol. DEMOLITION: Destroys all one-eyed symbols and all matching symbols INCISION: Cuts a WILD symbol into the center, and creates two intersecting diagonal lines through the grid. Both lines will show the same random symbol. When all 5 charge meters are fully charged, the GARGANTOON feature is added to the queue. The GARGANTOON first adds eight 1x1 WILD symbols to the grid in random positions. If no more cascades are possible, it becomes two 2x2 WILD symbols. After the cascades are finished, it becomes a 3x3 WILD symbol. New symbols drop down from the top to fill the grid before each move. If no more cascades are possible, the QUANTUM FEATURES in the queue are triggered. The game round continues normally, allowing the charge meters to charge up for more effects, possibly creating additional wins! Charge meters reset only at the end of the game round, if there are no more winning combinations present. On any initial non-winning spin, there is a chance for the GARGANTOON to drop 4 to 8 WILD symbols onto the grid. One random one-eyed symbol type is marked as FLUCTUATING symbol in each spin. If any of the marked symbols are part of a winning combination, they leave 2 WILD symbols behind. WILDS substitute for all normal symbols! The game features a win MULTIPLIER. It is increased by every win during a game round. Wins formed by one-eyed symbols increase the MULTIPLIER by +1 and two-eyed symbols by +3. The MULTIPLIER is applied only to the wins where the ENERGIZED TOON is part of a winning cluster. MULTIPLIER resets at the end of the game round. The spot for the ENERGIZED TOON is selected randomly each cascade. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 10/15/2025