Rich Wilde and the Pearls of Vishnu Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination, including any gaps. Game Rules Rich Wilde and the Pearls of Vishnu - is a 5-reel grid slot with 20 paylines. The number of paylines cannot be changed. Rich Wilde and the Pearls of Vishnu includes a wild symbol (Rich Wilde), a free spin scatter symbol (the pearl) and a bonus scatter symbol (Token). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbols except Scatter and Bonus to help comprise winning combinations. The Scatter symbol can only appear on reel 1, 3 and 5. All wins are multiplied by the value shown on the screen. The multiplier value increases on each consecutive drop but is reset at the start of each new round. If you get a Token symbol anywhere on the reels, you collect it. When you have collected 15 Token symbols, the bonus game is triggered. In the bonus game you have three different stages, each containing a different bonus challenge. In the Wheel of Brahma, first stage of bonus - you will get the opportunity to spin three rings on a wheel to be able to get a matching symbol. The final symbol combination is matched against the on-screen paytable to determine your prize or key for the next stage. If 3 different symbols are on the winning line – only for the highest will be a payout. In the Wall of Shiva, second stage of bonus - you will get the opportunity to open tiles on a wall. Inside the tiles you can find prizes or key for the next stage. In the Statue of Vishnu, 3rd and last stage of bonus - you will get the opportunity to try to pick the pearl out of the hands of the statue. Picked pearl determines your prize. Each stage of the bonus game gives you the opportunity to win a larger prize than in the previous one. Three pearls appearing on the reels trigger the free spin feature. A sequence of free spins commences in which the main game multiplier is still in effect and the pearl symbol is wild and substitutes for all other active symbols. If you get a pearl symbol on the reels during free spins, you collect it. Collect 5 pearl symbols to receive additional free spins as well as leveling up the multiplier. Free spins can be re-triggered up to a total of 50 spins. The pearl symbol can only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5. The number of collected Token symbols is attached to the total bet staked. Changing the total bet will collect towards another set of Token symbols. The active bonus collection is stored and can be continued by setting back the total bet. Bonus collection is also stored between game sessions so you can pick up your game whenever you want. Token symbols cannot be collected during free spins. The average RTP is 94.13%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Auto Play: You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 2000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables / Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 5/6/2025