Rise of Olympus 1000 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Winning symbol combinations must be formed with a minimum of 8 symbols. Winning symbols can appear in any position on the grid with gaps allowed. Game Rules Rise of Olympus 1000 is a 6-column, 5-row cascading grid game. Symbols pay anywhere on the screen! 8+ of the same symbols anywhere on the grid awards a scattered win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. When winning with multiple symbols, all wins are added to total win. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. MULTIPLIERS There are 15 stages of MULTIPLIERS which are X2, X3, X4, X5, X7, X8, X10, X12, X15, X20, X25, X50, X100, X500, and X1000 of total bet. MULTIPLIERS multiply the total win at the end of the round in the Base Game and end of each spin in FREE SPINS. If multiple MULTIPLIERS exists, the sum of all MULTIPLIERS in the grid will be the final value to be multiplied to the win. The TUMBLE WIN container updates when the base payout is ready to be multiplied to the final MULTIPLIER value. The total sum of MULTIPLIERS attainable per round is X3013. Landing MULTIPLIERS While there’s no MULTIPLIER in the grid, MULTIPLIERS can land anytime. When MULTIPLIERS land in the grid and the round cascades, there’s a chance to upgrade it by 1 stage higher. Upgrade MULTIPLIERS When a MULTIPLIER is upgraded for the first time, it increases by 1 stage higher. Final stage MULTIPLIERS (X1000) that have landed can no longer be upgraded. When MULTIPLIERS that have already been upgraded once exist in the grid and the round cascades, there’s a chance to trigger SUPER UPGRADE. SUPER UPGRADE SUPER UPGRADE increases the MULTIPLIER value randomly from 1 stage higher up to the final stage (X1000). While the round cascades, SUPER UPGRADE can trigger multiple times to MULTIPLIERS that have been upgraded at least once. Final stage MULTIPLIERS (X1000) can no longer be upgraded. FREE SPINS SCATTERS can land anytime. 3 or more SCATTERS in the base game trigger 12 FREE SPINS. Re-trigger by landing 3 or more SCATTERS in FREE SPINS to get 3 more FREE SPINS. MULTIPLIERS are cumulative in FREE SPINS. Any MULTIPLIERS that are used in a win are carried over until the last round of FREE SPINS. MULTIPLIERS that have landed or upgraded but did not form any win with any symbols are not carried over to the next round of FREE SPINS. When MULTIPLIERS are carried over to the next round of FREE SPINS, it is added in the MULTIPLIER container in the screen. When a round in FREE SPINS is evaluated, all the wins from symbols are added in total and then the sum of the value of all MULTIPLIERS in the grid are added to the current value in the MULTIPLIER container in the screen. The sum of the value in the MULTIPLIER container plus the sum of the value of all MULTIPLIERS in the grid are multiplied by the total wins from all the symbols in the current round to get the final payout for the current round. The FREE SPINS is capped at 36. The total sum of MULTIPLIERS attainable per round is X3013 in the normal FREE SPINS. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. GO Ultra The GO Ultra is a toggle button that can be turned on and off when the game is in idle mode during Base Game. It cannot be turned on or off when a feature is currently active. If turned on, features in-game will have added perks for extra 50% additional in total bet. The perks are the following: 1. MULTIPLIERS that landed in the Base Game are guaranteed to upgrade by 1 stage higher if there are wins in the same round. 2. In FREE SPINS, landing MULTIPLIERS are guaranteed to upgrade by 1 stage higher if there are wins in the same round. The MULTIPLIERS are not carried over to the next round of FREE SPINS if there are no wins in the same round. The total sum of MULTIPLIERS attainable per round with GO Ultra active is X3004. The perks are only applied to the feature when it is triggered on a round while GO Ultra is active. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. GO Ultra - A toggle button to enable the GO Ultra feature. When turned on, extra 50% of the bet is added to the total bet in exchange for enhanced features in-game. Enhanced features are indicated in the Game Rules. Turning off the GO Ultra will enforce the regular game mode. Last modification date: 3/17/2026