Reactoonz Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Reactoonz is a cascading video slot game played on a 7x7 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. All wins during a game round contribute to increasing the 5 quantum leap charge meters one by one. When a charge meter is fully charged, one of the following quantum feature is added to the queue randomly: Implosion: Transforms 2 to 4 symbols to wilds, and destroys adjacent symbols around each. Alteration: Chooses 1 symbol and turns all matching symbols to another symbol. Demolition: Destroys 1 to 3 symbols and all matching symbols. Incision: Transforms the central symbol to wild and all symbols along left and right diagonals to other symbols. When all 5 charge meters are fully charged, Gargantoon feature is added to the queue. Gargantoon first adds a 3x3 wild symbol to the grid at random position, and if there are no more cascades, it becomes a 2x2 wild symbol and finally ends up as a 1x1 wild symbol. New symbols fall down from the top to fill the grid before each move. If there are no more cascades, quantum feature comes next in the queue is activated. The game continues normally, allowing the charge meters to charge up for more effects, possibly creating additional wins! Charge meters reset only at the end of the game round, if there are no more winning combinations present. In any non-winning initial spins, there is a chance to activate Gargantoon’s Fury that adds 3 to 8 wilds onto the grid. 4 matching normal symbols adjacent to each other in a square shape automatically form Giantoonz. Wins are doubled in any winning combinations if one or more Giantoonz are part of it. One normal symbol type is marked as fluctuating symbol in each spin. If any of the marked symbols are part of a winning combination, they leave a wild symbol behind. Wild substitutes for all normal symbols! The RTP is 96.51%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet- Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Last modification date: 12/21/2022