Riddle Reels A Case Of Riches Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Riddle Reels: A Case of Riches is a 3-reel video slot, with 9 fixed paylines, paying left-to-right. Symbols are 1 SCATTER, 4 SUSPECTS, 4 WEAPONS, and 1 WILD. The WILD can appear as a MULTIPLIER WILD: X2 and X3. This will multiply the payline by the value displayed. Multipliers combine and can multiply a payline up to X27. A SCATTER on any 2 reels will trigger the RE-SPIN feature. The 2 reels are held, and the other reel will RE-SPIN. If another SCATTER doesn't land on the RE-SPIN, it will trigger the MYSTERY feature. Each SCATTER will duplicate to cover their respective reels, and simultaneously reveal either a SUSPECT or WEAPON symbol. 3 SCATTER on any spin, or as a result of a RE-SPIN, will trigger the BONUS feature. The player is presented with a board game that consists of 14 spaces, each space consists of a CLUE. Each BONUS feature will consist of a 5 CLUES. 1 obtained at the start, and 4 obtained through roll of a dice. Each dice roll generates a value between 1 and 6 that moves the player through the spaces. Each CLUE awards the player with 1, 2, or 3 FREE SPINS, and 1 of 4 different variations. Either: all WEAPON symbols convert to the same WEAPON, all SUSPECT symbols convert to the same SUSPECT, a GUARANTEED WILD REEL, or no reel modifier. The player must obtain 1, 2, or 3 winning spins during the FREE SPINS in order to complete the CLUE and earn CLUE POINTS. CLUE POINTS are collect and added to the CLUE POINT WHEEL meter via a charge. If the meter fully charges during the BONUS feature, the player is awarded a MEGA SPIN. If the meter is not fully charged after all 4 dice rolls are used, the CLUE POINT WHEEL feature will trigger. The CLUE POINT WHEEL feature expands the CLUE POINT WHEEL meter charged with CLUE POINTS collected and spins an arrow. If the arrow lands within the charged area the MEGA SPIN will trigger. The MEGA SPIN will be 1 FREE SPIN that results in 1 reel being a WILD or MULTIPLIER WILD and 2 reels being a SUSPECT or WEAPON. After the MEGA SPIN concludes, the BONUS feature is re-triggered. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.75% Last modification date: 7/30/2020