Sobek's Godly Spins Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination, including any gaps. Game Rules Sobek’s Godly Spins is a 5-Reel game with 30 fixed paylines. The game includes a Wild symbol (Ankh) and a Free Spin Scatter symbol (Pyramid). The Wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol except the Scatter symbols to help comprise winning combinations. Three or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger the Godly Wheel – a spinning wheel which determines how many Free Spins are awarded. Players can initially win 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, or 20 Free Spins. The wheel presentation does not represent real probabilities. At the start of each Free Spin, a multiplier is awarded randomly and can be: 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, or 10x. Two or more Wild Scatter symbols during a Free Spin will award Eclipse Spins – Free Spins within the Free Spin round, which retain the multiplier from the triggering spin. The amount of Eclipse Spins awarded is determined by the Godly Wheel. Two Wild Scatters award 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 or 8 spins, three or more Wild Scatters double these values. The wheel presentation does not represent real probabilities. Eclipse Spins can be triggered from within Eclipse Spins. The maximum number of Eclipse Spins is 150. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 50.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 5000 times total bet. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 4/15/2025