Spark of Genius Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and or diagonally on adjacent reels and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules SPARK OF GENIUS is a 6x6 cascading video slot game. FUSEWAYS: To achieve wins in this game, you need to get 4 or more closed circuit symbols on a single spin. Once you do, these symbols are removed from the grid, creating space for new circuit symbols to cascade down and fill up the empty spots. The cascading effect continues as long as new wins are formed with each subsequent cascade. In the base game, the ENERGY CHARGER has two energy types: MANIFEST ENERGY and RESONANT ENERGY. These energies are triggered by randomly chosen characters, with MAYNARD WOODROW activating MANIFEST ENERGY while TESS JACOVA activating RESONANT ENERGY. MANIFEST ENERGY, on the right side of the ENERGY CHARGER, has 3 charge levels that can store up to 35 charges. At Level 1, it requires 15 winning circuits to trigger the RELAY feature. The RELAY feature destroys 7 to 11 random circuit symbols on the grid. Progressing to Level 2 which requires 25 winning circuits to trigger the OVERLOAD feature. The OVERLOAD feature adds 2 to 6 destroy symbols that remove random adjacent circuit symbols on the grid. Lastly, Level 3 requires 35 winning circuits to trigger the EMPIRE ENERGY SPIN. EMPIRE ENERGY SPIN awards a FREE SPIN. At the center grid is a 2x2 inactive TRANSFORMER symbol with an initial X3 MULTIPLIER, considered as 4 connecting circuit symbols. It activates only with a closed circuit connected to it. Upon activation, the MULTIPLIER increases by 1, reaching up to X20, and applies to all wins during the feature. On non-winning cascade, RELAY and OVERLOAD features apply sequentially. RELAY: Removes 7 to 11 circuit symbols randomly. OVERLOAD: Adds 2 to 6 destroy symbols that remove circuit symbols randomly. RESONANT ENERGY, on the left of the ENERGY CHARGER, has 3 charge levels that can store up to 35 charges. At Level 1, it requires 15 winning circuits to trigger the GYROTA feature. The GYROTA feature selects 3 to 7 random circuit symbols to rotate on the grid. Progressing to Level 2 which requires 25 winning circuits to trigger the DYNAMO feature. The DYNAMO feature adds 2 to 6 special circuit symbols on the grid. Lastly, Level 3 requires 35 winning circuits to activate the FREE ENERGY SPIN. FREE ENERGY SPIN awards a FREE SPIN. With each win in this feature, the MULTIPLIER increases with values of X1, X4, X8, X12, X16, and X20. The MULTIPLIER is applied to all wins during the feature. On non-winning cascade, GYROTA and DYNAMO features apply sequentially. GYROTA: Rotates 4 to 8 circuit symbols randomly. DYNAMO: Adds 4 to 8 special circuit symbols randomly. The average RTP is 96.30%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 10000 times total bet. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables / Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 9/10/2024