Star Joker Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Star Joker is a 5-reel video slot game with 10 fixed paylines that brings you into a visually classic experience, merged with modern and exciting gameplay. The game includes a Star symbol that is wild. The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbols except scatters to help comprise winning combinations. Three Joker scatter symbols on the reels trigger a sequence of ten free spins. Three additional Jokers during the feature will award an additional ten free spins. The Joker symbol will become wild during the free spins feature to help comprise even more winning combinations! The Joker symbol can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5, both during the main game and during the free spins feature. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The Gamble round can be played up to five times in a row. All winnings from Feature & Bonus game wins are added to payline wins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP : 96.25% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 2/7/2023