Sweet Alchemy Bingo Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Sweet Alchemy Bingo is a video bingo game. Activate up to 4 cards, that can be toggled ON/OFF by clicking on the cards individually. Press NEW CARDS to change the numbers on all the cards. Press PLAY to initiate the round. 30 balls will be drawn from a total of 90 balls. Winning combinations will be shown on the cards. All pattern prizes will be awarded when there are multiple patterns achieved on one card, however the highest pattern prize will be given only if any pattern is completely covered by the higher paying pattern. Trigger the EXTRA BALL feature after all 30 balls have been released, when only 1 ball is required to win prize equal to or greater than 8x the bet per card. The cost of each EXTRA BALL is specified on-screen. Up to 13 EXTRA BALLS can be purchased. The 13th extra ball is unlocked when only 1 ball is required to win a prize equal to or greater than 200x the bet per card. Elixir of Power Bonus triggered when the perimeter pattern achieved. Pick a chocolate tile that reveals an elixir, containing either: a coin prize, multiplier boost, or an X symbol. A multiplier boost increases the multiplier by +1 up to a maximum of X5; the multiplier is applied to the current total win in the game round. An X symbol will finish the round. TREASURE CHEST prize is awarded when a BINGO pattern is achieved with 30 balls or less. To qualify for this feature, all 4 cards must be active with a minimum BET of 1 coin on each card. Actions Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Fast Play Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The theoretical return to player of this game is 97.57% The maximum win from a single game is £835,750 Last modification date: 6/9/2020