Shamrock Miner Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Shamrock Miner is a 5x4 Reel Video Slot with 12 Fixed paylines. It can expand up to 5x7 in FREE SPINS, with every reel expansion, 5 more paylines are added. Maximum 27 paylines. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols apart from the SCATTER. It can land on any reel. On ANY spin, Cash Symbols can appear. If these appear along with a WILD, the WILD will ‘collect’ these symbols. If more than 1 WILD lands along with any Cash Symbols, this will trigger more than one cash ‘collect’ event, meaning all WILD symbols will collect all Cash symbols on the reels. WILDS can also have a MULTIPLIER attached to them which will MULTIPLY only the sum total of any cash prizes it collects. Maximum Cash Symbol Prize is 50x Bet Size. On ANY spin in the base game, a random MULTIPLIER of x1, x2, x4 or x10 can appear on any WILDS that land on the reels. If any Cash Symbols also land, each WILD will MULTIPLY it’s total cash prize collection by the MULTIPLIER amount. The same MULTIPLIER value will also appear on any WILDS that land. WILD MULTIPLIERS do not apply to line wins. FREE SPINS are triggered by landing SCATTERS. 3 SCATTERS trigger 10 FREE SPINS, 4 SCATTERS trigger 15 FREE SPINS and 5 SCATTERS trigger 20 FREE SPINS. During the FREE SPINS, the WILD will collect the Cash Symbols as in the base game. There is a trail at the top of the reels which will activate during FREE SPINS. On the trail there are 12 carts to fill. Every 4th cart will trigger 10 free additional FREE SPINS, the retrigger will commence after the current total FREE SPINS is used. The retrigger will increase the range of random WILD MULTIPLIERS used and increase the height of the reels by 1 (Maximum height will be 7 reels after the 12th cart retrigger). Every WILD that lands fills 1 cart. Each expansion of the reels will also add an extra 5 win lines to the game. The random WILD MULTIPLIERS available in FREE SPINS are as follows – 0-4 carts filled before the first FREE SPINS retrigger: x1, x2, x3. 4 carts filled and after retrigger: x2, x4, x6. 8 carts filled and after retrigger: x4, x8, x12. 12 carts filled and after retrigger: x10, x20, x30. The 12th filled cart is the last cart, no WILDS are collected during this stage and no FREE SPINS retriggers are possible. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 6/19/2024