Sticky Joker Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Sticky Joker is a 3-Reel Video Slot Machine with 5 paylines, paying left to right. There is a WILD symbol that is represented by the Joker symbol. The WILD appears on every reel and can land on ANY spin. If one or more WILD symbol(s) lands on any reel, then a RE-SPIN is triggered where the WILDS are held in place throughout the game round. During the RE-SPIN it is possible to land more WILD symbols. This will trigger further RE-SPINS. RE-SPINS will continue until either every symbol position is filled with a WILD symbol or no more WILD symbols land on the reels. If 4 or more WILD symbols are on the reels at the end of the RE-SPINS, then the WHEEL OF MULTIPLIERS will be triggered. The WHEEL OF MULTIPLIERS will award a X2, X3, X4, X5, or X10 multiplier which will multiply all wins from that game round. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.67% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay.