Sherwood Gold Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination, including any gaps. Game Rules Sherwood Gold is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 20 Fixed paylines. Landing 3 or more CASH BAG SCATTERS awards an instant prize. Only the highest instant prize is paid out for the applicable number of CASH BAG SCATTERS landed. The CASH BAG instant prizes are calculated by multiplying them by the bet. There are 7 instant CASH BAG prizes, and landing 9 CASH BAG SCATTERS awards the highest instant prize. Landing 3 ARROW SCATTERS awards FREE SPINS. Each ARROW SCATTER has between 1 and 3 arrows on each symbol. The number of arrows shown on the ARROW SCATTER adds up to the number of arrows (picks) that the player will receive for the Archery Game. The Archery Game must be played out before the FREE SPINS commence. In the Archery Game, the player will be presented with 9 targets. They must tap or click on a target to shoot an arrow and hit it. The target will turn to reveal one of the following: FREE SPINS, a MULTIPLIER or a CASH BAG BOOSTER. The player must shoot all of their arrows to proceed to FREE SPINS. All FREE SPINS, MULTIPLIERS and CASH BAG values are added up and displayed on screen at the end of the Archery Game! Depending on the outcome of the Archery Game, all CASH BAG instant prizes in the FREE SPINS can be increased by a minimum of x0.2 to a maximum of x3.0. The same rules apply to winning a CASH BAG instant prize from the base game. Also, every ARROW SCATTER that lands adds 1 extra FREE SPIN. The maximum number of FREE SPINS that can be achieved is 110. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed.