Sweet Alchemy 2 Sweet Alchemy 2 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Sweet Alchemy 2 is a video slot played on a 5x5 grid, that can increase to a maximum of 9x9. Symbols drop into the grid to create wins. 4 or more adjacently connected symbols in a cluster award a win. Only the highest win in the cluster is paid. Winning symbols are removed. New symbols fall down to fill the gaps. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not connected are paid as separate clusters. In addition, when winning symbols are removed, an equal number of chocolate blocks are removed. The removal of chocolate blocks results in the increase of available space for new symbols. When new symbols are provided, the recently created new gaps are also filled. The process repeats until the game round is over, or when the free spins feature is triggered. The grid configuration resets to 5x5 for the next spin. Gobstopper symbols are wild, substituting for all regular paying symbols. When landing, each Gobstopper is assigned a numerical value between 1 and 5. When used in a win, the number is reduced by one, regardless of the number of clusters the symbol connected to. Gobstopper symbols are removed once all lives are used. Striped symbols are wild, substituting for all regular paying symbols. When used in a win, a Striped symbol will remove all symbols (except Gobstopper) and all chocolate blocks on the respective horizontal row and vertical column. During free spins, the removal of symbols contributes to filling the symbol collection requirements. The free spins feature is triggered when all 56 chocolate blocks have been destroyed in the base game. During the feature, mega symbols become immediately available (they are not guaranteed to land). Mega symbols are larger in size than regular (1x1) symbols, counting each inidual segments as a symbol. Once no more wins are achieved, an initial 4 free spins with 2x2 mega symbols are activated. The grid configuration is reset. The grid configuration progression is not reset between multiple free spins. The feature is re-triggered when all 56 chocolate blocks have been destroyed. An additional 4 free spins are awarded, the size of mega symbols is increased, and the grid configuration is reset again. The maximum number of free spins is 12. The maximum size of mega symbol is 4x4. The bonus game can only be triggered via the free spins feature. Two random symbols are chosen to be collected before free spins begin, where the respective symbols are collected when part of a win. Wild symbols do not contribute to collection. There are three levels: 1 potion: collect 5 symbols of the chosen high-pay symbol, and 10 symbols of the chosen low-pay symbol. This level awards the bonus game starting with 1 bonus spin. 2 potions: collect 10 symbols of the chosen high-pay symbol, and 20 symbols of the chosen low-pay symbol. This level awards the bonus game, starting with 2 bonus spins. 3 potions: collect 20 symbols of the chosen high-pay symbol, and 30 symbols of the chosen low-pay symbol. This level awards the bonus game, starting with 3 bonus spins. The bonus game consists of a wheel with 5 rings, with the objective of landing on prize-winning segments. The number of bonus spins is determined by the collection in free spins. A successful result will increase the win multiplier and progress to the next ring. An unsuccessful result removes a life. The bonus game will end if the number of lives reaches zero – or if the maximum multiplier is achieved. The mathematical chances are fairly represented on each ring. The multiplier will multiply all wins from the triggering game round, where the value is determined by which ring is reached when the bonus game ends. Being unsuccessful on ring 1 will result in no multiplier (X1). Ring 1 completed awards a X2 multiplier. Ring 2 completed awards a X3 multiplier. Ring 3 completed awards a X5 multiplier. Ring 4 completed awards a X10 multiplier. Ring 5 completed awards a X25 multiplier. Only the highest multiplier awarded. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 9/26/2023