Sweet Alchemy Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Sweet Alchemy is a cascading video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 4 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. Winning symbols contribute to the Sugar Rush Meter. If the Sugar Rush Meter is filled 6 symbols in a game round, 2 Regular Wilds replace 2 symbols on the grid. These Regular Wilds act as any other symbol to create wins and also contribute to the Sugar Rush Meter. If the Sugar Rush Meter is filled with 13 symbols in a game round, 2 Striped Wilds replace 2 symbols on the grid – these act as any other symbol to create wins and when they do, they also remove all symbols on the same row or column. All removed symbols including the Striped Wilds contribute to the Sugar Rush Meter. Striped Wilds can be orientated horizontally or vertically and this determines whether a row or column is removed. If the Sugar Rush Meter is filled with 25 symbols in a game round, 2 Dotted Wilds replace 2 symbols on the grid – these act as any other symbol to create wins and, when they do, they also remove all instances of a randomly chosen symbol, from the grid. If the Sugar Rush Meter is filled with 38 symbols in a game round the Mix the Elixir Free Round will be triggered when the game round comes to a stop. The Free Round will feature 3 Candy Spells. For every additional 3 symbols collected in the triggering game round, 1 additional Candy Spell will occur in the Free Round, up to a maximum of 7 Candy Spells. The Mix the Elixir free round is played on a 9x9 grid. Symbols will drop in and wins/cascades will occur as normal. When no more wins are present, the first Candy Spell will play out. The sequence of cascades will then play out again, before the second Candy Spell occurs. The free round concludes when all Candy Spells have played out. The Candy Spells consist of: Mixed Candy - The symbols on the grid are shuffled to potentially create new wins. Sweet Surprise - 7-12 wild symbols (of any kind) appear on random positions. Even if the wild symbols are not part of winning combinations, their remove effect is still triggered. Sugar Bombs - 7-15 normal symbols are randomly selected and destroyed. The aim of the free round is to complete the collection challenge and win along the way. The collection involves collecting a certain number of specific types of symbols. These symbols are collected when they form part of a win. Wilds do not count towards the collection in the free round. There are 3 levels to the collection. Level 1 requires players to collect 16 of a specific low pay symbol and 6 of a specific high pay symbol, and will trigger the Elixir of Power Bonus, at the end of the free round. Level 2 requires players to collect 21 of a specific low pay symbol and 11 of a specific high pay symbol, and will improve the prizes available in the bonus. Level 3 requires players to collect 26 of a specific low pay symbol and 16 of a specific high pay symbol, and will improve the prizes available in the bonus again. In the Elixir of Power Bonus, players must uncover chocolate squares to reveal magic elixirs until they find 3 that match – doing so will award a prize. The available prizes are dependent on the collection level reached during the free round. The prizes are: LEVEL 1: 2x Total Bet; 3x Total Bet; 5x Total Bet; 2x Total Win; 3x Total Win LEVEL 2: 3x Total Bet; 5x Total Bet; 10x Total Bet; 3x Total Win; 5x Total Win LEVEL 3: 5x Total Bet; 10x Total Bet; 3x Total Win; 5x Total Win; 10x Total Win If players complete the Free Round collection they will progress along the Map when the bonus concludes. For every 3 levels that players progress on the Map, they will be awarded a treasure chest which contains a cash prize. The cash prize in the Treasure Chest is equivalent to 15% of the player’s main game winnings since the previous Chest was opened. The Map can be viewed at any time by clicking the Treasure Chest image on the main game screen. The RTP is 96.54%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet- Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/16/2023