Scroll of Seth Scroll of Seth Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules SCROLL OF SETH is a 5-reel video slot machine with 50 fixed paylines. Scroll SCATTER may land on reel 3 only, and triggers the WILD Reel. WILD Reel has 2 tiers, one for the base game and an additional one for FREE SPINS. WILD REEL - FIRST TIER. In the base game, 1 to 3 enhanced WILDS can land. In FREE SPINS, 2 to 4 enhanced WILDS and a Scroll SCATTER can land. All symbols under WILDS transform into WILDS, while Ankh SCATTERS become WILDS. WILD REEL - SECOND TIER. It activates when a Scroll SCATTER lands on the WILD Reel during FREE SPINS. x2, x4, x11 multiplier WILDS and Ankh SCATTERS with +2, +4 extra spins can land. Only the highlighted symbol gets activated. Multiplier WILDS award the appropriate WILDS with multipliers, while Ankh SCATTERS award extra spins but also WILDS without multipliers. 3, 4, and 5 Ankh SCATTERS award 8, 11 and 15 FREE SPINS respectively. In FREE SPINS, Ankh SCATTERS land only on second tier of the WILD Reel. Win up to 50 FREE SPINS! Normal WILDS may land in stacks on reels 2 and 4. Enhanced WILDS are available on the first tier of the WILD Reel. The average RTP is 96.31%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 10/11/2023