Slashimi Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Slashimi is a 3reel video slot machine with up to 1000 ways to win! The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols (except Scatter) and can appear on all reels. Before each new spin, a random symbol (except Wild or Scatter) is chosen as the TwoforOne symbol. When any instance of the chosen symbol lands, it will split in two. The number of payways available for the TwoforOne symbol therefore increases from 125 (default) to 1000. Scatter symbols overlay regular symbols and appear on all reels. 3 Scatter symbols trigger 4 Free Spins. Before the feature begins, a TwoforOne symbol must be chosen by the player. In addition to splitting in two, TwoforOne symbols will stick to the reels for the duration of the Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be awarded during Free Spins, with one additional Free Spin awarded for each Scatter symbol that lands during Free Spins. Free Spins are capped to a maximum of 25 spins. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 Maximum Bet: 100.00 Actions Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Hyper Spin Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025