Sparky & Shortz Hidden Joules Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Sparky & Shortz Hidden Joules is a 7x7 cascading video slot game. Landing Alien or Crystal symbols in 2x2, 4x1 and 1x4 clusters of the same type will transform into Mega Symbols. Each transformation increases the Win Multiplier by +1. Each transformation remains as 4 symbols for the purposes of creating winning combinations. The Win Multiplier is capped at x25. The Boost Meter is filled by forming winning combinations. There are 4 stages: +2, +3, +4 and +5. The stages require 25, 60, 110 and 200 symbols respectively involved in winning combinations. Each of these modify how much transformations increase the Win Multiplier by. The Boost Meter is deactivated once the Win Multiplier has reached his cap. There are 6 Wilds in total; 1 basic, 4 Special and a Mega Sparky Wild. When a Special Wild is involved in a winning combination it is collected and when there are no more cascades, it triggers 1 of 4 features; Mega Symbols are added randomly across the grid. All Crystal Symbols are removed from the grid. Random basic Wilds are added to the grid. A randomly selected pattern of symbols are destroyed across the grid of which some may be replaced with one type of symbol. When 4 Special Wilds have been collected, the Sparky Wild is added to the grid alongside a Wild when there are no more cascades. This can be triggered up to 3 times by repeatedly collecting 4 Special Wilds. On the first trigger: a Sparky Wild is added along with a Special Wild. On the second retrigger: a Sparky Wild will be added with either a Special Wild or a basic Wild. On the third and final retrigger: a Sparky Wild will be added along with a basic Wild only. On a random non-winning spin, a Special Wild is added adjacent to a transformed Mega Symbol. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/14/2023