Scourge of Rome Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. During FREE SPINS only: ELEPHANT symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. The wins pay from left to right. beginning on any reels where a winning combination is possible. Game Rules Scourge of Rome is a 6-reel video slot with 4096 payways. Hannibal and Hannibal & Sirius are WILD symbols. WILDS substitute for all other symbols except SCATTERS. WILD FLIP™: The Hannibal WILD can land anywhere on reels 2 to 5 and triggers the WILD FLIP™ feature if 2+ land in a single spin. During WILD FLIP™, each WILD connected by a win has 50% chance to become a full reel Hannibal & Sirius WILD. Hannibal WILD do not appear during FREE SPINS. Land 3, 4, 5, or 6 SCATTERS to trigger/re-trigger 10, 15, 20, or 25 FREE SPINS. Win up to 115 FREE SPINS! UPGRADED ELEPHANTS: During FREE SPINS, all Elephant symbols are STICKY and ignore reel gaps. ABYSS WAYS™: At the start of each FREE SPIN, a random amount of symbols on the bottom of the reel will become frozen, and then at the end of each FREE SPIN, all frozen symbols will fall from the reel reducing the total reel size. Between each spin, a new full row is added on the top of the reel increasing the total reel size. WARHORN: The WARHORN symbol may appear during the FREE SPIN. When the WARHORN symbol lands, all Elephants will move 1 step upward before the frozen symbols positions fall. If there are less than 3 Elephants on the screen, then the WARHORN will add more Elephants until there are 3. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 40000 times total bet. Last modification date: 12/17/2024