Sweet 27 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Sweet 27 is a 3-reel video slot with 27 fixed payways, spin the sweet treats to reveal their cash prizes. When the wild appears, it triggers 2 free spins and rolls across the reels triggering more sweet wins. The wild symbol can substitute for any other reel symbol to help comprise winning combinations. When it lands on reel 3, it triggers the rolling wild feature and awards 2 free spins. On each free spin the wild rolls 1 reel to the left, helping to trigger more wins. If another wild lands during free spins, the remaining free spins is set to 2 by adding either 1 or 2 more free spins, and increases the multiplier by one! The maximum multiplier is x3. The maximum number of re-triggers is 9. The game also features an optional gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The gamble round can be played up to five times in a row. The RTP is 96.10%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 4/25/2023