Super Flip Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Super Flip is a 5-reel video slot game. You can activate up to 20 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4, etc.). Super Flip includes a wild symbol (“WILD”) and a scatter symbol (“SUPER FLIP”). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol except the scatter symbol, to help comprise winning combinations. Three or more SUPER FLIP scatter symbols on the reels trigger the free spins feature. During the free spins, the reels are flipped, putting the last reel first and the first reel last for an increased chance to win big! The free spins feature can be re-triggered up to a total of 90 spins by getting three or more SUPER FLIP scatter symbols on the reels at the same time during the feature. 15 additional spins are awarded each time the feature is re-triggered. A near-win respin on the middle reel is triggered whenever you receive a full stack of any symbol on the first reel and a full stack of the same symbol (including wilds) on the second reel but no win is achieved on any of the active paylines or scatter symbols. The other reels are locked in place during the respin. The free spin feature can be triggered by the respin feature. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. All symbols can appear on all reels during the main game, during the free spin feature and during the near-win respin feature. The RTP is 94.51 %. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 6/6/2023