Spinnin' Records Into the Beat Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Spinnin' Records Into the Beat is a 5-reel video slot with 20 fixed paylines. STEP UP On each spin the steps reel will stop on a number from 1 to 5 Land special Record symbol to trigger Step Up All Record symbols in view will increase their value the number of times on the Step Up reel before being paid Record symbols contain the following multipliers and multiply total bet Start at 0.5x and increases by 0.5x up to a total of 35x Only one special Record symbol can land in a spin, multiple Step Up's are not possible LOCK 'N SPIN Complete the Record trail by landing Record symbols in any position. Collect more Record symbols to trigger Lock 'n Spin with bigger grids. In Lock 'n Spin any Record symbols that are present or land on any re-spin will hold over for every re-spin until all re-spins have completed. The following grid sizes will be awarded: 6 Record symbols awards Lock 'n Spin 5 x 3 grid 7 Record symbols awards Super Lock 'n Spin 5 x 4 grid 8 Record symbols awards Extreme Lock 'n Spin 5 x 5 grid Land any Record symbols to reset re-spins to 3 CASH POT RECORDS Cash Pot Records can land on any re-spin in the Lock 'n Spin Cash Pot Records can be upgraded in the Step Up feature Cash Pot Records are only available in Lock 'n Spin and cannot step in during the Step Up feature Cash Pot Records contain the following multipliers and multiply total bet. Mini Cash Pot Record: Start at 20x and increases by 2x up to a total of 90x Minor Cash Pot Record: Start at 50x and increases by 5x up to a total of 200x Major Cash Pot Record: Start at 100x and increases by 10x up to a total of 350x Grand Cash Pot Record: Start at 500x and increases by 50x up to a total of 1500x LOCK 'N SPIN complete grid Once a grid has been filled, Step Up will be awarded giving the maximum steps (5). All Record values in view will step 5 times increasing all values on each step. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 Maximum Bet: 50.00 Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 4000 times total bet. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 7/15/2025