Sabaton Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Sabaton is a 5-reel video slot machine with 10 fixed paylines. Joakim, the lead singer of Sabaton, is Wild, and substitutes for any other symbol, except scatter. METAL STACKS and MYSTERY SYMBOL are available on every spin, where one symbol is chosen randomly, and a stack of that symbol is added to the reels. All band member symbols can appear as Mega Symbols on the reels when features are active. CHAINED REELS may activate on every spin. Either 2 or 3 adjacent reels are chosen and spin with the same symbols. CHAINED REELS are always active on the middle 3 reels during BATTALION SPINS. LAST STAND may activate on every spin. Either 1 or 2 reels are chosen, and each selected reel is covered completely with Wild symbols. BATTALION SPINS are activated by 9 SCATTERS, either by a completely visible Mega Scatter (3x3), normal SCATTERS or a combination of them. BATTALION SPINS activate with 7 initial free spins and a symbol is selected at random to act as the METAL STACKS and MYSTERY SYMBOL for the entire feature. Re-triggering the feature adds 7 more free spins. Win up to 175 Free Spins. 3-8 SCATTERS are replaced with the symbol selected by the METAL STACKS and MYSTERY SYMBOL feature. During BATTALION SPINS, reels 2, 3 and 4 are always linked and spin with the same symbols. Mega Symbols can land with each spin. The RTP is 96.50% Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 6/13/2023