The Green Knight Oath of Thorns Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption.Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination, including any gaps. Game Rules The Green Knight Oath of Thorns is a 5-reel game with 20 fixed paylines. The Sword Meter can apply Multipliers to all Wilds that land in any spin. The values of the Multipliers are: x2, x5, x10, x25, and x100. If the Wild is used in a win, then it will multiply the win by the value displayed on the Wild and Sword Meter display at the top of the reels. Wild wins with Multiplier are not cumulative on the same payline. 3 or more Scatters will award 5 Free Spins, plus respective Scatter payout as detailed in the paytable. All Wilds that land will be Multiplier Wilds. The Sword Meter will increase Multipliers with each spin starting from x2. The available Multipliers are x2, x5, x10, x25 and x100. 2 or more Scatters in Free Spins will award 5 Thorn Spins, plus respective Scatter payout as detailed in the paytable. In Thorn Spins the Sword Meter value is locked-in on the triggering Free Spins’ number for the duration of Thorn Spins. 2-3 Guaranteed Multiplier Wilds will appear on the reels each spin during Thorn Spins, additional Multiplier Wilds are possible to land. Scatters do not land in Thorn Spins, and Thorn Spins cannot be triggered again within Thorn Spins. After Thorn Spins finishes, Free Spins will continue, unless there are no further Free Spins remaining. The average RTP is 94.27%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 14000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025