Testament Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Testament is a 5x3 video slot machine with 243 payways, reels can expand and offer up to 2400 payways! The skull symbol turns into WILD at random on any spin. The skull symbol will always turn WILD during all FREE SPIN features. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except the SCATTER symbol. Landing 2 SCATTER symbols on any reel triggers a SONG FEATURE depending on the music. After ANY SONG FEATURE concludes, the next SONG FEATURE is chosen in the following sequence: DARK ROOTS OF EARTH, then THRONE OF THORNS, then COLD EMBRACE. The SONG FEATURE consists of 3 FREE SPINS, each with the associated feature active. During DARK ROOTS OF EARTH, if a WILD symbol appears on the reels it will spread up or down. During COLD EMBRACE, if a WILD symbol appears on the reels it will be frozen in place on the reels for the remaining FREE SPINS. During THRONE OF THORNS the reels will expand to 4-5-6-5-4, with 2400 ways to win. 3 or more SCATTER symbols triggers RISE UP SPINS with 9 FREE SPINS. Throughout this feature, if a SCATTER lands on a reel it will destroy a symbol blocker and increase the ways to win. If all blockers are destroyed, TESTAMENT SPINS are triggered. If TESTAMENT SPINS are triggered, then 3 additional FREE SPINS are added to the remaining number of spins. During TESTAMENT SPINS all SONG FEATURES are active; this will occur for all remaining FREE SPINS. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.20% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 6/24/2020