Tales of Asgard: Freya's Wedding Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Tales of Asgard: Freya’s Wedding is a 5-reel video slot game with 30 fixed paylines. WILD symbols substitute for all symbols (except SCATTER) and can appear on all reels. WILDS can appear as a single WILD or an expanded WILD covering 4 symbols high. FREYA symbols are only available in base game and replaced by THOR symbols in FREE SPINS. HERE COMES FREYA: On any spin, an expanded FREYA WILD with x2 MULTIPLIER can appear on a random reel, awarding a guaranteed win. SCATTERS are only available on reels 1, 3 and 5; collecting 3 of them triggers FREE SPINS. Different GROOM AND GUEST symbols are used during base game and FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS will continue as long as there is an expanded THOR WILD visible on the reels. At the start of FREE SPINS, an expanded THOR WILD is guaranteed to appear on the 5th reel. It moves one step to the left after each spin, increasing its MULTIPLIER each time by 1, up to x10. Once the leftmost reel is reached, expanded THOR WILD leaves the screen and may appear again on the next spin. The increased MULTIPLIER will be carried over next time expanded THOR WILD appears, and it will only be reset after the FREE SPINS. If an expanded THOR WILD appears on the reels, FREE SPINS will continue, otherwise a second chance RE-SPIN is awarded with a higher chance of getting an expanded THOR WILD. RE-SPIN can happen multiple times during FREE SPINS, but it cannot be awarded on a consecutive spin. FREE SPINS end when there is no expanded THOR WILD appears on the RE-SPIN. The maximum number of FREE SPINS is 30. FREE SPINS will finish the remaining spins with expanded THOR WILD when the maximum number of FREE SPINS is reached. The average RTP is 96.40%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.30 USD Maximum Bet: 90.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 6/20/2023