Tale of Kyubiko Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Tale of Kyubiko is a 3-Reel video slot machine with 5 fixed paylines. The individual Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Inari is the Stacked Wild and can occupy an entire Reel, substituting for all symbols. When forming a winning combination with the Inari Stacked Wild, a free Respin is triggered and Inari moves to a random Reel. Wins with the Inari Stacked Wild also increase the Win Multiplier up to x25. When it lands partially on a Reel, the Inari Stacked Wild has a chance to Nudge and cover the Reel if it would form a winning combination. The average RTP is 94.29%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Bet Range Min Bet : 0.1 Max Bet : 100