Tomb of Gold Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. Game Rules Tomb of Gold is a 6-reel video slot, with 4-rows (maximum of 5 rows), with a maximum of 4096 payways. Land 6 COIN SCATTERS to trigger the LOCK’N GOLD feature. If only 4 or 5 COIN SCATTERS land, the reels with no COIN SCATTERS on will RE-SPIN. COIN SCATTERS will move up and unlock the top row. The reels will be cleared of all symbols and then the reels will spin, 3 initial RE-SPINS are awarded. Only COIN SCATTERS can land during this feature. COIN SCATTERS will land with the back face shown. Landing one or more COIN SCATTERS will reset the RE-SPINS counter to 3, the maximum amount of RE-SPINS is 30. After the feature is finished, the COIN SCATTERS will flip to reveal any of the following multipliers: x1, x2 x3,x5, x10, x20, x30, x100. The multipliers are added up from each COIN SCATTER and multiplied by the bet. The LOCK'N GOLD feature ends when the RE-SPINS are over or the entire grid is filled with COIN SCATTERS. Landing 3 SPHINX SCATTERS will trigger the FREE SPINS. If 4+ SPHINX SCATTERS land, an instant prize will be awarded as well as FREE SPINS, the instant prize x bet values are: Land 4 SPHINX SCATTERS: x5. Land 5 SPHINX SCATTERS : x10 and land 6 SPHINX SCATTERS: x20. Before FREE SPINS commence, a wheel will pop up that will determine the amount of FREE SPINS and starting MULTIPLIER that the player will be awarded. The Wheel will have the following values: FREE SPINS: 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. MULTIPLIER: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5. During FREE SPINS, landing a SPHINX SCATTER will increase the FREE SPINS by +1 and each WILD that lands will increase the MULTIPLIER by +1. The maximum amount of FREE SPINS that can be achieved is 65. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 4096 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to it's original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 6/19/2024