Temple of Prosperity Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Winning symbol combinations must be formed with a minimum of 6 symbols. Winning symbols can appear in any position on the reels with gaps allowed. Game Rules TEMPLE OF PROSPERITY is a 5x5 cascading video slot game. Wins are achieved by getting 6 or more symbols anywhere on the reels. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols cascade in to fill up the grid. Cascades continue until no more wins can be created. On ANY spin, Coin or PRIZE Symbols can appear. If these appear along with a Collector symbol, the Collector will ‘collect’ these symbols. If more than 1 Collector lands along with any Coin or PRIZE Symbols, this will trigger more than one cash ‘collect’ event, meaning all Collector symbols will collect all Coin and PRIZE symbols on the reels. The winnings are awarded once the cascade ends. These features are active both in the base game and in the FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS are triggered by landing 3 or more SCATTERS. 3 SCATTERS trigger 8 FREE SPINS, 4 SCATTERS trigger 13 FREE SPINS and 5 SCATTERS trigger 18 FREE SPINS with an x2 multiplier. To advance to the second stage, you must collect 5 SCATTERS during the first stage. Advancing to the second stage awards an additional 5 FREE SPINS and the multiplier is set to x3. To advance to the third stage, you must collect 5 SCATTERS during the second stage. Advancing to the third stage awards an additional 5 FREE SPINS and the multiplier is set to x5. Multipliers do apply to wins. SCATTERS do not appear in the final stage. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 12/5/2023