The Sword and the Grail The Sword and The Grail Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules The Sword and The Grail is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 20-fixed paylines. The Sword can land on ANY reel; 3 or more triggers the Free Spins. The Grail is Wild and can land on ANY reel; this symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Sword. The Grail can appear as a Multiplier Wild on ANY spin. The values of the multiplier are: 2, 5, 10, and 100. If the Grail substitutes another symbol as a Multiplier Wild, then it will multiply the win by the associated multiplier value. Landing 3 or more Swords on a single spin will trigger the progressive Free Spins feature. Any additional Swords landing during the Free Spins are collected to help you advance through the four Free Spin stages. Triggering the Free Spins feature with 3, 4, or 5 Swords will start the Free Spins collection at 3, 4, or 5 respectively. Triggering the Free Spins feature initially awards 5 Free Spins with every Grail as a Multiplier Wild set at a value of X2. To advance to the second stage, you must collect 6 Swords (including the Swords that triggered the Free Spins) during the first stage. Advancing to the second stage awards an additional 5 Free Spins with every Grail as a Multiplier Wild set at a value of X5. To advance to the third stage, you must collect 11 Swords (including the Swords that triggered the Free Spins) during the first and second stage. Advancing to the third stage awards an additional 5 Free Spins with every Grail as a Multiplier Wild set at a value of X10. To advance to the final stage, you must collect 18 Swords (including the Swords that triggered the Free Spins) during the first, second, and third stage. Advancing to the final stage awards an additional 5 Free Spins with every Grail as a Multiplier Wild set at a value of X100! Swords do not appear in the final stage. Each Free Spin stage will commence after the previous Free Spin stage concludes. The RTP is 96.53%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/9/2022