Tales of Mithrune: Syn's Fortune Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Tales of Mithrune Syn’s Fortune is a 5-reel video slot with 20 paylines. Syn will upgrade a Character’s symbols to the highest paying symbol. If the symbol is already the highest paying it will not be upgraded. Only one Character’s symbols can be upgraded per spin in the base game. This feature does not guarantee wins. Scatters can land on reels 1, 3 and 5. 3 Scatters will trigger Free Spins. When Free Spins are triggered, the Power Up feature is awarded first. This is a 5-reel mini game where only special Character Tokens, Potions and Scatter symbols can land. The Power Up feature begins with 3 lives, if no symbols land on a spin, 1 life is lost. Whenever symbols land on a spin, all 3 lives are replenished. The Power Up feature ends when all lives are lost, the game then progresses to Free Spins. Collecting 3 Character symbols will unlock the corresponding character to be upgraded for the duration of Free Spins. Collecting 3 Potion symbols increases the Multiplier by +1 to a maximum of 10x for the duration of Free Spins. The Multiplier only effects line wins that include the Syn symbol on the centre reel. Collecting 3 Scatter symbols will increase the total number of Free Spins by +1 for a maximum of 10 Free Spins. The maximum Power Up feature spins is 33. When there no more lives remain, Free Spins will begin. It is not possible to re-trigger Free Spins within Free Spins. The average RTP is 96.21%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to it's original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 4/2/2024