Trinity Impact Trinity Impact Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Trinity Impact is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot game with 5 fixed paylines. There are 2 different WILDS used in the game, and both substitute for all symbols except SCATTERS. The base game WILD transforms into an ORB WILD when entering the FREE SPINS. 1 or 2 SCATTER symbols during the base game can trigger a single symbol RE-SPIN if there is a possible winning combination, giving a second chance to win. 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 9 FREE SPINS. Collecting 3 ORB WILDS activates the ULTIMATE ATTACK feature. FREE SPINS cannot be retriggered. When the ULTIMATE ATTACK feature is activated, the player selects 1 of the 3 heroes. A battle is played, and a random MULTIPLIER is awarded. This is represented by accumulating small MULTIPLIERS. The ULTIMATE ATTACK prize for the feature will contain the following MULTIPLIERS: 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, or 750x and multiply the total bet. The selection phase does not impact the ULTIMATE ATTACK prize, as this is determined randomly. The ULTIMATE ATTACK feature can be activated multiple times during FREE SPINS. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 1600 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 4/2/2025