24K Dragon RTP: 94.20% Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules 24k DRAGON is a 5-reel video slot with 1024 ways to win, featuring multiplier WILDs and FREE SPINS with expanding reels for up to 8192 ways to win. The game has the Diamond Scatter, the Treasure WILD (which substitutes for all symbols, except the SCATTER); treasures are the high-paying symbols, and classic card suits are the low-paying symbols. 3 or more Diamond Scatter symbols on the reels award initial FREE SPINS as detailed below: x3 Diamond Scatters = 8 FREE SPINS x4 Diamond Scatters = 15 FREE SPINS x5 Diamond Scatters = 20 FREE SPINS The FREE SPINS can be re-triggered unlimited times. 2, 3, 4 or 5 scatters re-trigger feature for additional 5, 8, 15, 20 FREE SPINS. Collecting a special Golden Dragon Head in main game awards a respin, with extended row heights, for extra payways. The number of extra rows is between 1 to 4. Collecting Special Golden Dragon Head during FREE SPINS will extend new rows on the centre reels for extra payways to win chances. Collection is as follows: 3 Golden heads increase reel height by 1 on the centre reels. 7 Golden heads increase reel height by 1 on the centre reels. 11 Golden heads increase reel height by 1 on the centre reels. 15 Golden heads increase reel height by 1 on the centre reels. WILDs always land on the three centre reels and may land with a multiplier of X2, or X4. During FREE SPINS, WILDs always land with multipliers. Wilds multiply together up to a potential 64x. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 1024 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The maximum win from a single game is £240,000 Last modification date: 11/18/2020