Tomb of Gold Reimagined Tomb of Gold Reimagined Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Lock’n Gold), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Bonus Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Tomb of Gold Reimagined is a 6-Reel Video Slot with 4096 payways. Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations from left to right. Winning combinations begin with the left-most reel. Only highest winning combination paid per symbol combination. Wild symbols can only land in the base game, they can land as regular Wilds or Multiplier Wilds (x2, x3). Wilds may appear on all reels and substitutes for all symbols except Gem Scatters. If the Win Combination includes a different symbol aside from Wild, then it will reward the payout of that symbol instead. Multiplier Wilds are added together not multiplied. Multiplier Wild wins don’t affect instant bonuses, it only interacts with the payway it is a part of. Gem Scatters may appear on all reels. The game has 3 different Gem Scatters: Double Scatter, Ignite Scatter and Bonus Scatter, each corresponding with its own feature in the game. Landing Gem Scatters might trigger a special feature with the Lock’n Gold feature: Double Horus, Serpent’s Surge, Bonus of Anubis. The Lock’n Gold feature can be triggered by the 3-pot mechanic on top of the reels in the base game. The Lock’n Gold feature will have 1-3 pot features active. When this feature is triggered, all other symbols are removed. Only Coins are present. After every spin, Coins that have already landed stay sticky on the grid while the reels are spinning. The Coins will not show their values until the feature is fully over. The Coin values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x. The Coin values are added up, not multiplied by each other. When the feature is over, the coins will all flip 1 by 1 with an animation, revealing their multiplier. Unless the coins have already been flipped by the pot features. The player’s bet is multiplied by the end result multiplier that is won in this feature. A full screen on Coins awards a total of 500x + the sum of all multipliers on the grid. When 1 or more blue Double Scatter lands on the Reels the Lock’n Gold feature might be triggered. At the start of the bonus game, the player will receive 4 Re-Spins, and Double Horus is active. During this feature, only Coins can land on the reels and once they do, they will remain there for the duration of the feature. The number of Re-Spins will reset if any Coin/Gem Scatter lands. If a Double Scatter lands during the Lock’n Gold feature, it will pick between 1-3 Coins and animate a trail to each of them. The Coin(s) will flip to reveal the original value and be lit up with a blue glow to signify that they are being affected. The Double Scatter will then animate and double that value on each Coin. The value of the Coin will stay visible for the remainder of the Lock’n Gold feature. Other Gem Scatters can land during the duration of the Lock’n Gold feature, and if they do, randomly, one or more of these can potentially unlock during Lock’n Gold while other features are also active and play their feature (Serpent’s Surge, Bonus of Anubis). All pot features can get unlocked and they will play one after the other in the order of the pots. When 1 or more red Ignite Scatter lands on the Reels the Lock’n Gold feature might be triggered. At the start of the bonus game, the player will receive 4 Re-Spins, and Serpent’s Surge is active. During this feature, only Coins can land on the reels and once they do, they will remain there for the duration of the feature. The number of Re-Spins will reset if any Coin/Gem Scatter lands. If an Ignite Scatter lands during the Lock’n Gold feature, it will pick 1 Coin and animate a trail to it. The Coin will flip to reveal the original value. The Ignite Scatter will then increase the value of the Coin by 1 or 2. Then when the spin button is pressed, while the reels are spinning, the same coin will once again increase in value by 1 or 2, even if the Ignite scatter has not landed again. This will repeat until Lock’n Gold finishes. Other Gem Scatters can land during the duration of the Lock’n Gold feature, and if they do, randomly, one or more of these can potentially unlock during Lock’n Gold while other features are also active and play their feature (Double Horus, Bonus of Anubis). All pot features can get unlocked and they will play one after the other in the order of the pots. When 1 or more purple Bonus Scatter lands on the Reels the Lock’n Gold feature might be triggered. At the start of the bonus game, the player will receive 4 Re-Spins, and Bonus of Anubis is active. During this feature, only Coins can land on the reels and once they do, they will remain there for the duration of the feature. The number of Re-Spins will reset if any Coin/Gem Scatter lands. If the Bonus feature is triggered, 4 panels will appear above the reels showing the instant bonuses the player can win – Mini (20 x total bet), Minor (50 x total bet), Major (100 x total bet), Grand (1000 x total bet) - with 3 empty spots on each one. Bonus Scatter will land on the reels, and they will transform to reveal Mini, Minor, Major or Grand on the symbol. The Bonus Scatters are collected into the correct spots in the bonus panels above the reels and if all the spots are filled up on the Bonus panel, the player will be awarded said bonus. (If the Bonus feature is not triggered, the purple scatters will not transform to show a bonus, they will stay as the original purple scatters) Other Gem Scatters can land during the duration of the Lock’n Gold feature, and if they do, randomly, one or more of these can potentially unlock during Lock’n Gold while other features are also active and play their feature (Serpent’s Surge, Double Horus). All pot features can get unlocked and they will play one after the other in the order of the pots. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 4096 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP:94.24% Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed.