Tome of Madness Tome of Madness Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rich Wilde and the Tome of Madness is a cascading video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 4 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed, and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. Eye Marks can appear in random positions. Open an eye by forming a win in the Eye Mark's location. 2 SPECIAL WILDS will be added to the grid when no further wins are achieved. Winning charges the Portal. After winning on 7 symbols, 2 SPECIAL WILDS are added to the grid. After winning on 14 symbols, 2 SPECIAL WILDS are added to the grid. If a win is achieved with a SPECIAL WILD, the ABYSS Portal Effect is triggered. After winning on 27 symbols, 2 SPECIAL WILDS are added to the grid. If a win is achieved with a SPECIAL WILD, the VOID Portal Effect is triggered. The game continues as normal after the effects. If a second (and/or third) charge effect is earned before the first (and/or second) charge effect can be played, then only the latter charge effect will be awarded. ABYSS removes a row or column from the winning SPECIAL WILD symbol. The symbols removed will contribute further to charging the Portal. If ABYSS removes another SPECIAL WILD, the removal will also be initiated from that symbol. VOID chooses 1 regular symbol at random and removes all matching symbols from the grid. The OTHER WORLD FREE ROUND is triggered after winning on 42 symbols. You are awarded 1 free round with 3 random Portal Effects. If the Portal is overcharged, an additional Portal Effect is added for every 3 additional winning symbols collected – up to a maximum of 7 Portal Effects. During the OTHER WORLD FREE ROUND, a Portal Effect will be triggered when there no further wins are achieved. The Portal Effects are: 1. SPECIAL WILDS: 4 SPECIAL WILDS added to the grid. 2. ABYSS: 4 SPECIAL WILDS added to the grid. If a win is achieved with any SPECIAL WILD, the ABYSS Portal Effect is triggered. 3. VOID: 4 SPECIAL WILDS added to the grid. If a win is achieved with any SPECIAL WILD, the VOID Portal Effect is triggered. 11 or 12 Eye Marks are visible in the OTHER WORLD FREE ROUND. Open an eye by forming a win in the eye's location. If all eyes have been opened, the MEGA WILD Cthulhu symbol is added to the grid and moves down with each cascade before disappearing. Cascades continue until no more wins are achieved. The RTP is 96.59%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/29/2022