That's Rich Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules That’s Rich is a 5-reel video slot game with fixed 10 paylines. That's Rich includes a WILD symbol that can land on any reel. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. The WILD symbol may expand to fill the reel on ANY spin. The WILD symbol always expands during WIN SPINS. The SCATTER symbol can appear on any reel. 3 or more SCATTER symbols will trigger the WIN SPINS feature, an initial 5 WIN SPINS are awarded. The WIN SPINS feature is a set of free spins where each spin guarantees at least one winning combination to appear. WIN SPINS can be re-triggered up to a maximum of 20 WIN SPINS by landing a SCATTER symbol on the reels during the feature. 2 additional WIN SPINS are awarded per SCATTER. If 19 WIN SPINS are already achieved, the SCATTER will award 1 additional WIN SPIN. During the WIN SPINS, the WILDs will have a WIN MULTIPLIER attached; applying to any WILD wins. Each time a WILD lands on the reels it will increase the WILD WIN MULTIPLIER by +1, up to a maximum of X20. Increased WILD WIN MULTIPLIER will apply on the next WIN SPIN. Instant X20 WILD WIN MULTIPLIER may activate on the last WIN SPIN! Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.30% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay.