Temple of Tollan Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and or diagonally on adjacent reels and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Temple of Tollan is a cascading game played on a 7x7 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 4 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. At the beginning of each spin, 5 SPECIAL SYMBOLS are placed on the grid. SPECIAL SYMBOLS can have 1, 2, or 3 lives. SPECIAL SYMBOLS lose 1 life whenever they are adjacent to a winning cluster. A SPECIAL SYMBOL with no lives remaining will trigger a feature and is then destroyed. Destroy 5 SPECIAL SYMBOLS to trigger 4 FREE SPINS with guaranteed wins! Destroy the SPECIAL SYMBOLS to trigger features! MULTIPLIER feature will increase your MULTIPLIER by x1, x2, or x4! WILD feature adds 2-6 WILDS! WILDS substitute for all other symbols, except SPECIAL SYMBOLS. DESTROY feature will remove symbols as a winning cluster! TRANSFORM feature will convert one set of symbols to another! CROSS feature destroys symbols in a cross pattern! Destroy 5 SPECIAL SYMBOLS to trigger 4 FREE SPINS with guaranteed wins! MULTIPLIER value from game round is carried over into FREE SPINS, and does not reset between each FREE SPIN! SPECIAL SYMBOLS are STICKY during FREE SPINS. Destroy 5 SPECIAL SYMBOLS to re-trigger 4 additional FREE SPINS. WIN UP TO 72 FREE SPINS! The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 15000 times total bet. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables / Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 9/4/2024