Undefeated Xerxes Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. Game Rules UNDEFEATED XERXES is a 5-reel video game machine with 30 paylines. The game features a SCATTER symbol, WILD symbol, WILD MULTIPLIER symbol up to x5 MULTIPLIER, a HERO symbol with an x25 MULTIPLIER for the last FREE SPIN, 3 High-Paying Symbols and 4 Low-Paying Symbols. WILDS substitute for all other symbols, except SCATTERS and appears on all reels. Any wins with WILD MULTIPLIERS multiply the win by the value shown on the WILD MULTIPLIER. WILD MULTIPLIERS accumulate when more than one WILD MULTIPLIER is present on a payline. The WILD MULTIPLIER values are: x2, x3, x4 and x5. In the base game, 3-4 WILD FRAMES can be randomly placed on the reels. There is a chance to upgrade WILD FRAMES. The WILD FRAMES all transform into WILD and WILD MULTIPLIER symbols. Guaranteed SCATTER feature may randomly trigger on any regular spin. Two guaranteed SCATTER symbols are added to the first two reels. 3 SCATTERS trigger 10 FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS no SCATTER symbols can land on the reels. FREE SPINS cannot be re-triggered. During FREE SPINS, WILD symbols leave WILD FRAMES on the reels. WILD FRAMES remain on the reels for the duration of FREE SPINS. A second WILD on the same position transforms the WILD FRAME into an upgraded WILD FRAME. On the last FREE SPIN, all WILD FRAMES transform into WILD symbols. The upgraded WILD FRAMES transform into WILD MULTIPLIERS. For the duration of the final FREE SPIN the HERO symbol gets an x25 MULTIPLIER. All the MULTIPLIERS in the same payline will add together. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 40.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 10000 times total bet. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 8/6/2024