Viking Runecraft: Apocalypse Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules VIKING RUNECRAFT APOCALYPSE is a 7x7 cascading video slot game. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in clusters. These are removed and new symbols fill up the grid. Cascades continue until no more wins can be created. Loki creates 5 to 8 mystery symbols that reveal a random type of symbol except WILDS. It can only create a win if there is a symbol of the same type adjacent to the revealed symbol. The feature can only be triggered once per game round. Spirit WILD is created when a symbol forms a winning cluster. It appears randomly in the empty space following a win, and if it is part of a winning cluster, it will be collected. Collect 4 to trigger one of the Gift of the Gods features. 1 of 4 WILD features is randomly selected and applied to the grid. The feature activates when no more wins are achieved during the round. Spirit WILDS after the feature cannot be collected as the Gift of the Gods feature can be triggered only once per game round. • Heimdall’s Vision: Creates 2 to 4 pairs of WILDS in diagonal patterns. • Freya’s Magic: Creates 2 to 4 pairs of WILDS in horizontal or vertical patterns. • Thor’s Thunder: Creates 6 to 10 WILDS. • Odin’s Power: Creates 1 to 3 sets of 3 WILDS in adjacent horizontal or vertical patterns. All wins during a game round (except Spirit WILD and Gift of the Gods WILDS) contribute to increasing the charge meter. When the charge meter is charged with 35 symbol wins and there are no more cascades, the Power of the Aesir is activated, and 1 of the 4 features is randomly selected and applied: • Trumpet’s Screech: Destroys or transforms symbols around 3 random symbols. • Folkvang’s Force: Upgrades 1 type of symbol by transforming to the next higher symbol. • Mjolnir’s Strike: Destroys and transforms 6 to 10 random symbols. • Heaven’s Spear: Weapon symbols are transformed into the same symbols. Weapon symbols are the red Spear, blue Hammer, purple Skull, and green Trumpet. When the charge meter is within 5 symbols of reaching the RAGNARÖK FREE SPIN and there are no more wins, the Aftershock feature can be triggered to create a win. Symbols are selected, then connected by transforming in-between symbols. If there are mystery symbols on the grid, the Aftershock selected symbol will match the mystery symbol. When the charge meter is charged with 65 symbol wins and there are no more cascades, the RAGNARÖK FREE SPIN is activated. All 4 Power of the Aesir features are awarded in sequence for 1 FREE SPIN. Each of the Power of the Aesir feature is applied every time there are no more cascades. The RAGNARÖK FREE SPIN ends when all the features have been consumed. During the RAGNARÖK FREE SPIN, the Spirit WILD collector cannot trigger the Gift of the Gods feature, but up to 20 Spirit WILDS can be collected. The collected Spirit WILDS will be added back to the grid at the end of the FREE SPIN when there are no more wins, for a chance to continue the cascade. The cascade continues as normal, but the succeeding Spirit WILDS are not collected. Also, during the RAGNARÖK FREE SPIN, the charge meter is replaced with a MULTIPLIER charge meter. Collecting 25, 50, 75, and 100 symbol wins award a MULTIPLIER of x2, x3, x5 and x10, respectively. The achieved MULTIPLIER is applied to the total FREE SPIN win. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 10/17/2023