Viking Runecraft Bingo Viking Runecraft Bingo Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Viking Runecraft Bingo is a video bingo game. Activate up to 4 cards, that can be toggled ON/OFF by clicking on the cards individually. Press NEW CARDS to change the numbers on all the cards. Press PLAY to initiate the round. 30 balls will be drawn from a total of 90 balls. Winning combinations will be shown on the cards. All pattern prizes will be awarded when there are multiple patterns achieved on one card, however the highest pattern prize will be given only if any pattern is completely covered by the higher paying pattern. Trigger the EXTRA BALL feature after all 30 balls have been released, when only 1 ball is required to win prize equal to or greater than 12x the bet per card. The cost of each EXTRA BALL is specified on-screen. Up to 13 EXTRA BALLS can be purchased. The 13th extra ball is unlocked when only 1 ball is required to win a prize equal to or greater than 200x the bet per card. The GIFT OF THE GODS can be triggered randomly on 1st, 2nd and 3rd extra balls, this extra ball is free. Each Gods has their unique BONUS GAME, GOD OF THUNDER for THOR, GOD OF WISDOM for ODIN, GODDESS OF BEAUTY for FREYA and GOD OF VIGILANCE for HEIMDALL. BONUS GAMES triggered when the perimeter pattern is formed on the card. The active God will change after each trigger. GOD OF THUNDER: A wheel bonus will be presented on this feature. The wheel contains 10 credit prizes. Spin the wheel to determine the prize. GOD OF WISDOM: A pick a prize bonus will be awarded on this feature. Selection of 8 revealed credit prizes will be presented, until 2 selections, with hidden credit prizes, remain to choose from. The 2 selections contain a low prize and a high prize. GODDESS OF BEAUTY: This feature is an instant prize bonus. It randomly awards a credit prize. GOD OF VIGILANCE: A pick a prize bonus will be awarded on this feature. An initial 2 picks will be awarded from the total selection of 6. If selected a credit prize with “PICK ALL,” all the selections will be able to be picked. RAGNARÖK GAME is awarded when a BINGO pattern is achieved with 30 balls or less. To qualify for this feature, all 4 cards must be active with a minimum BET of 1 coin on each card. Match 3 symbols to determine the prize. Each God has their own symbol with corresponding prizes, the GOLDEN SYMBOLS of God currently in play will be the symbol for RAGNARÖK PRIZE. The active God will change after each trigger. The RAGNARÖK PRIZE is a PROGRESSIVE PRIZE, it is only incremented by 1% x total bet if all 4 cards are activated and if the total bet is greater than or equal to 4. The RTP varies from 93.44% to 95.87% based on the number of extra balls and active cards. Maximum possible RTP can be achieved by playing with 4 active cards purchasing no extra balls. Minimum Bet: 0.01 USD Maximum Bet: 8.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/16/2024