Viking Runecraft 100 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules VIKING RUNECRAFT 100 is a cascading game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning combinations are removed after being collected, and the remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The WILD symbol will appear in the middle symbol location when a winning combination of 3 symbols is removed from the grid. A win MULTIPLIER is increased at each new drop. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols. WILD symbols can only be created; appearing in the middle when a winning combination of three symbols is removed. WILD symbols are removed when no other symbols are remaining, to completely clear the grid of symbols. The God Power feature is triggered at random on non-winning spins. Depending on the active God shown on-screen, a unique ability is performed to help create a win. THUNDER converts one set of symbols into another symbol; MAGIC adds 1 or 2 WILD symbols to the grid; VISION removes two sets of symbols from the grid. The game opens with a random God, with the order of Gods fixed to: THOR – FREYA – HEIMDALL. The active God changes after each God Power activation. The RAGNARÖK feature is triggered by completely filling the on-screen meter. The meter is only filled with winning combinations containing God symbols. The WILD symbol can contribute to these combinations. The meter has 3 sections. Following the above rules: combinations of X5 fill the meter with 3 sections, combinations of X4 fill the meter with 2 sections, and combinations of X3 fill the meter with 1 section. When the meter is fully charged and no further wins are achieved, one free round is awarded. The win MULTIPLIER is reset. A God Power is performed on each symbol drop that does not provide a winning combination, until all three Gods have performed their respective ability (3 in total). The order of God Powers is always the same: THUNDER first; MAGIC second; VISION third. Completely clearing the grid of symbols during this free round triggers FREE SPINS only; no instant prize is awarded. The active God returns to the God on-screen prior to the RAGNARÖK feature being triggered. Before the FREE SPINS feature begins, choose one of the three Gods. THOR awards 4 initial spins; FREYA awards 5 initial spins; HEIMDALL awards 8 initial spins. The win MULTIPLIER is carried over from the RAGNARÖK feature, only resetting once the feature is over, and can grow to a maximum of x100. During FREE SPINS, the chosen God Power is triggered on every non-winning spin. The RAGNARÖK feature cannot be triggered. Additional spins are awarded via fully charging the meter (same rules). THOR awards 4 additional spins; FREYA awards 3 additional spins; HEIMDALL awards 2 additional spins. The maximum number of spins is 100. Completely clearing the grid of symbols (except during the RAGNARÖK feature) awards an instant prize. The prize awarded is 50x the total bet multiplied by the active win MULTIPLIER at the time of clearing the grid. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 15000 times total bet. Last modification date: 2/28/2024