Viking Runecraft Viking Runecraft Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Viking Runecraft is a cascading video slot game played on a 7x7 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. All wins during a game round contribute to increasing a charge meter of destruction. When the charge meter is fully charged and there are no more cascades, the charge effect is activated, triggering one of the following effects: Fury of Fenrir: Four diagonal lines of symbols are slashed on the grid. Two lines of symbols are removed, the other two lines of symbols are transformed to another symbol. Judgment of Jörmungandr: A large number of symbols are destroyed in an unbroken path from one edge point of the grid to another edge point of the grid. Along the path, a number of different symbol are transformed into another single symbol. Scorching of Surtr: Three symbols are set ablaze. The fire can spread to a random number of nearby symbols. All burning symbols are destroyed. In each cluster of burned symbols, a core of new symbols is created. All symbols in each core consist of the same symbol. Lure of Loki: Two different symbols are selected. One symbol, and all its matching symbols are removed from the grid. The other symbol and all its matching symbols are transformed to another symbol. The game continues normally after the effect, allowing the charge meter to charge up for a second time. A single full charge following any of the above charge effects will trigger the Ragnarök feature which awards 1 free game round. Alternatively, when the charge meter of destruction is initially fully charged, it is possible to double charge it by winning on additional symbols. If you manage to fully double charge the charge meter before any effect is triggered, you trigger the Ragnarök feature directly. The Ragnarök feature can only be triggered once per game round. Whenever no more wins are achieved during the Ragnarök feature, one of the Charge of Destruction effects will play. When all Charge of Destruction effects have played once each and no more wins are awarded, the feature ends. During the Ragnarök feature, the Charge of Destruction is replaced with an End of the World bonus meter. Win on enough symbols during the entire Ragnarök feature and you will be richly rewarded with a total win multiplier! 20 symbols award an x2 multiplier. 40 symbols award an x3 multiplier. 60 symbols award an x5 multiplier. 80 symbols award an amazing x15 multiplier! The game includes four different Gods. To be blessed with the presence of the Gods you need to clear different patterns indicated on the screen. To clear a pattern, you have to achieve wins on the indicated grid positions. Clear a pattern to reach the next level and meet another God. Each God has their unique Gift. The Gift of the Gods feature can randomly trigger on non-winning game rounds. The Gift of the Gods feature creates wild symbols to help comprise additional winning combinations. All wilds created substitute for any other symbol. God of Thunder: Five to nine randomly selected symbols are turned to wild symbols! God of Wisdom: Four wild symbols are created in two pairs where the wilds in each pair are vertically adjacent. Goddess of Beauty: Wild symbols are created in four different clusters starting at a random position on the grid within the inner 5x5 area. The wild symbols are created four at a time until at least one win is awarded. God of Guarding: Seven wild symbols are created, one wild is created per row. All winning symbols contribute to growing the Runes of Valhalla bonus. During each spin you can collect up to five different Rune Stone symbol winning combinations. Collect at least one Rune Stone symbol win combination and clear the current active pattern to activate the Runes of Valhalla bonus game. During the bonus game, a wheel will spin where your goal is to hit any field with an active and lit rune to win the accumulated bonus amount. Depending on the number of collected symbols, the number of active and lit runes on the wheel change. The more symbols you collect, the higher your chances are to win the bonus amount. Collected symbols are reset to 0 when the Runes of Valhalla bonus game is activated. The RTP is 96.71%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 4/21/2023