Wildhound Derby Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Wildhound Derby is a 5x4 Video Slot, with 30 paylines. Wildhound Derby has Wild Dogs that race across the reels to be the first to the finish line – choose the winning Wild Dog and get to the Winner’s Wheel! Wildhound Derby includes Wild Dog symbols, Trophy Wilds, four dog racing symbols and four royal symbols. Land four Wild Dog symbols on the 5th reel to trigger the Dog Race. Then choose one of the four Wild Dogs as the hopeful winner. A Wild Dog moves left one reel when there is a Golden Hare on the same row. The winning Wild Dog will be the first to progress past the 1st reel. Free Spins continue until the winner of the Dog Race is determined. If the chosen Wild Dog wins the race, then the game transitions to the Winner’s Wheel. The Winner’s Wheel has the multipliers: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 and x15. The wheel spins and whichever multiplier it lands on, will multiply the total winnings. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.65% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/24/2020