Wild Frames Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Wild Frames is a 7x7 cascading video slot game. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in clusters. These are removed, and new symbols fill up the grid. Cascades continue until no more wins can be created. On a non-winning spin, there is the chance to add 4-6 wild symbols randomly. Wild symbols create a sticky frame on all the grid positions they land on and upgrade existing frames with win multipliers! However, all frames stay inactive until Wild Frames feature is triggered. All winning symbols fill the Charge Meter, each adds 1 charge. 20, 40 and 60 charges activate Transform, Wildcard and Shatter features. Transform turns all non-suit symbols into one type of non-suit symbol, Wildcard randomly places 3-6 wilds and Shatter removes all suit symbols. Wild Frames feature triggers if the Charge Meter is fully charged with 80 symbols. It can be overcharged; every additional 10 charges add 2 frames at random. All symbols under frames turn into wild symbols and all frames become active. For each winning cluster, the highest win multiplier is used. Further charges do not have an effect after the activation happens! Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet- Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/16/2023