Wild Rails Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Wild Rails is a 5-Reel video slot with 30-fixed paylines. Wild Rails has Wild Trains that can bring plenty of Wilds and a Free Spins that guarantee Wild Trains on every spin! Wild Rails include Wild symbols, a Golden Train Scatter, four character symbols and five royal symbols. Wild Trains have a chance to be activated on any spin. Up to four Wild Trains can take over each of the four rows and can bring up to five Wilds with each train. Up to five Scatters can land anywhere on the reels. At least three Scatters will trigger five Free Spins, four Scatters award seven Free Spins and five Scatters award ten Free Spins. In Ticket to Free Spins, the player will start with one guaranteed Wild Train on every spin and Scatters are now Wild. Over the Free Spin session Scatters can be collected to increase the amount of guaranteed Wild Trains – up to a maximum of four on every spin. For every three Scatters collected there will be a new Wild Train activated. Reaching the second and third Wild Train will award an extra Free Spin respectively. Reaching the fourth and final Wild Train will award three Free Spins. Once all four Wild Trains have been collected, every three Scatters collected will award three additional Free Spins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.53% Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000. Last modification date: 9/5/2023