Wild Falls Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Wild Falls is a video slot game set in the great gold rush era of the Yukon, Canada. The game has an enhanced view of wild chests flowing down the river and over a raging waterfall. Classic prospector icons fill the 5 reels. Players play 20 paylines fixed bet of 1 coin per line. Wild Falls has everything a player wants, exciting game play, lots of free spins, re-spins, and wilds with multipliers. Big rewards all packaged in a fun to play country classic that will keep them tapping their foot and looking for that gold. The RAPID RESPINS are triggered by having one or two Chests on the reels. The Chests are held in place and a respin is awarded. Respins will continue with new chests added. If 3 chests are on the reels, the RIVER OF GOLD or SUPER RIVER OF GOLD Free Spins feature will be awarded with normal wood or gold Chests respectively. RIVER OF GOLD Free Spins is a feature triggered by having 3 Chests on the reels. Chests can only appear on reels 2,3, and 4. The Free Spins will continue for as long as there are Chests on the reels. The Chests will stick then move (walk) one position down on the reels at the end of every Free Spin until they fall of the bottom of the reels. During the Free Spins, new Chests can be added. Maximum payout during RIVER OF GOLD is 10000 X bet! SUPER RIVER OF GOLD Free Spins is a feature triggered during GOLD RUSH. It works the same as RIVER OF GOLD, except it is triggered by 3 Gold Chests and all Chests remain gold for the duration of the Free Spins. Free Spins continue until no more Gold Chests are on the reels or until a maximum payout of 10000X bet! GOLD RUSH is a random feature where all Chests change into Gold Chests. Each Gold Chests has a random multiplier of either 2X, 3X, or 5x. Chests are both Wilds and Scatters! RAPID RESPINS can be triggered using Gold Chests. If there are 3 Gold Chests on the reels, the SUPER RIVER OF GOLD Free Spins will be awarded. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.5% Last modification date: 2/1/2023