Wild Blood 2 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Wild Blood 2 is a 6-reel Video Slot with 4096 payways. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 (as single symbols), and reel 6 (as stacked symbol). Stacked WILD symbol awards 1 way win only. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. The SCATTER symbol appears on all reels. VAMPIRE BAT RE-SPIN is triggered with the stacked WILD on Reel 6. The stacked WILD moves to Reel 1 and 1 RE-SPIN is awarded. The feature cannot be re-triggered. BLOODLUST FREE SPINS cannot be triggered during the RE-SPIN. BLOODLUST FREE SPINS is triggered with 3, 4, 5, or 6 SCATTER symbols, awarding 10, 15, 20, or 25 FREE SPINS respectively. Choose 1 of the 3 options. LAURA: Each single WILD symbol spreads one position up or down. Triggering VAMPIRE BAT RE-SPIN will turn all LAURA symbols on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 into extra WILD symbols during the RE-SPIN. MARGARET: Each single WILD symbol is collected. Collecting 4 single WILD symbols will increase the win multiplier by 1 up to a maximum of x5, and awards an additional 2 FREE SPINS. When the multiplier is increased, it is applied on the next spin. Triggering VAMPIRE BAT RE-SPIN will turn all MARGARET symbols on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 into extra WILD symbols during the RE-SPIN. The SCATTER symbol is not present on the reels when choosing this option. REBECCA: Each single WILD symbol can multiply wins by x2 or x3. The multipliers combine up to a maximum of x81. Triggering VAMPIRE BAT RE-SPIN will turn all REBECCA symbols on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 into extra WILD symbols during the RE-SPIN. If choosing LAURA or REBECCA, the feature can be re-triggered with 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 SCATTER symbols, awarding 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 additional FREE SPINS respectively. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.00% Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay.