Xmas Magic Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Xmas Magic is a 5-reel video slot game. Up to 50 lines can be activated, lines are numbered and always activated in numerical order (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). The game includes a wild symbol (Golden Gift Box), which appears on reels 2-5. This wild symbol can help to comprise winning combinations by substituting for any other reel symbol except the scatter symbol (Santa Claus). Three scattered Santa Claus symbols that appear anywhere on reels 1-3 result in a prize of four times the total bet plus a sequence of 10 free spins. On each free spin, two new wild symbols are added to reels 2-5. Newly added wild symbols are stacked onto existing wild symbols to elongate the stack of wilds on each reel and boost the odds of creating winning combinations. 10 additional free spins can be triggered during any free spin to give the player the chance to win a total of 20 consecutive free spins with ever-growing stacks of wild symbols for a total possible win of 1,000,000 coins! The high-paying symbol that depicts the Mistletoe always appears in a four-symbol high stack in the main game as well as on free spins. When free spins are triggered, an additional high-paying symbol is chosen at random to appear in stacks of four throughout the sequence. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The Gamble round can be played up to five times in a row for a total prize of up to 2500 coins. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.00% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Actions Changing Your Bet- Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines- Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines- Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line- Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line- Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination- Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination- Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay.