Bronco Spirit GAME RULES All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. PROGRESSIVE FEATURE The game is played in a series of 10 spins that the player can purchase on any bet. Spin numbers increase from one spin to the next until 10, than start over at 1. All that hit on the screen during a 10 spin cycle get collected in a meter on the top of the game. Up to 20 can be collected. On the 10th spin, all collected come back to the screen in random positions as , that apply to the result of that spin. The progress is saved for every possible bet and returning to a certain bet will load the progress, including collected symbols and number of spins for that cycle. Changing the bet during the 10 spin cycle resets the spin count back to 1 and all positions are cleared. FREE SPINS FEATURE Hit 3 or more symbols to trigger the FREE SPINS FEATURE. At the beginning of the FREE SPINS feature, based on the number of symbols hit, choose one of the following: 5 awards: 45 FREE SPINS with 4 wilds 15 FREE SPINS with 7 wilds 4 awards: 30 FREE SPINS with 4 wilds 10 FREE SPINS with 7 wilds 3 awards: 15 FREE SPINS with 4 wilds 5 FREE SPINS with 7 wilds During the free spins feature, a number of are added to the screen depending on the option selected and they remain on the screen until the end of the round, changing position randomly at every free spin. Three or more SCATTER SYMBOLS during the feature awards a new FREE SPINS ROUND that will be played at the end of the current round. You can choose a different option before starting a new round. There is no limit to the number of possible retriggers. Special reels are in play during the FREE SPINS feature. Medium volatility games pay out steadily and the range of pays varies from low to very high. All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines. All wins are multiplied by bet per line. All values are expressed as actual wins in coins. Only the highest win is paid per line. When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win. SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin. The theoretical RTP of this game is 94.6% MINIMUM BET: £0.25 MAXIMUM BET: £125.00 Malfunction voids all pays and plays. HOW TO PLAY Click the or buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu. Select the bet you want to use in the game. Press the SPIN button to play. MAIN GAME INTERFACE opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played. opens the Information page and change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change the bet denominations. starts the game opens the automatic play menu SETTINGS MENU QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page INFORMATION SCREEN and scroll between information pages closes the information screen AUTOPLAY Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time STOP AUTOPLAY ON ANY WIN – whenever you win something, the Autoplay function stops IF FEATURE IS WON – whenever a feature like bonus game or free spins is won, Autoplay will stop IF SINGLE WIN EXCEEDS – whenever a single win is above the sum written in this field, the Autoplay function stops IF CASH INCREASES BY – whenever your current balance is above the sum written in this field, the Autoplay function stops IF CASH DECREASES BY – whenever your current balance is below the sum written in this field, the Autoplay function stops START AUTOPLAY – starts the Autoplay function The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/19/2020