Black Hawk Deluxe - Wazdan --> SBC Summit RIO 2026 --> SBC Summit RIO 2026 --> Games Why Wazdan Our Story Promo Tools News Career Contact Contact --> Double Tigers Magic of the Ring Deluxe --> Home / Games / Black Hawk Deluxe Invite your brave players to seek treasures in an eerie castle and boost your performance! Days Hours Minutes Seconds Revamped version of the popular slot A player-favourite classic slot that has upgraded graphics, animations, and sound effects, which make the gaming experience highly immersive, enhancing your revenue growth. Wild Wild symbol is a feature that boosts players’ engagement by increasing the chance of scoring a winning combination. Black Hawk Deluxe is a gloomy 4-reel, 54-payline online slot which is based on the player-favourite Black Hawk. With stunning graphics and enjoyable gameplay, this exciting title delivers lots of fun and entertainment to players. Black Hawk Deluxe features the Wild symbol, represented by a mystical white orb, which substitutes for all other symbols included in the game to increase chances of winning, boosting players’ engagement! Add this thrilling title to your grid and enhance your retention rates! Game Info Game type: Slots Reels / Lines: 4 / 54 RTP: 96.47 % Max Win: 600x bet Volatility: Medium Theme: Horror Release date: 2018-11-11 Features Double Screen Mode Energy Saving Mode Unique Gamble Feature Volatility Levels™ Ultra Fast Mode Ultra Lite Mode Wild Availability 30+ Languages All Currencies All Platforms Quick API Integration All Major Aggregators Markets Marketing Assets'> Get the game promo pack - your sleek bundle to attract players. Show assets Assets for: Black Hawk Deluxe BlackHawkDeluxe_icon_960x720.jpg File size: 546.06 kb BlackHawkDeluxe_logo_vertical.png File size: 853.06 kb BlackHawkDeluxe_logo_horizontal.png File size: 9069.1 kb Chests filled with gold and precious jewellery are waiting to be discovered in Wazdan’s Black Hawk Deluxe casino slot game ! Black Hawk Deluxe is a 4-reel, 54-payline video slot game from slot provider Wazdan which, thanks to its original theme and great features, will provide top-quality entertainment for many hours. The game uses HTML5 technology, which basically means that players can enjoy it on the go anywhere, at any time on their favourite mobile devices. Symbols on the reels of Black Hawk Deluxe slot game include skeletons, chests full of gold, castle, castle’s gate and of course title Black Hawk. There are also low-paying symbols like J, Q, K and A, as well as the special symbol in the shape of a white egg with silver ornaments. The Wild Symbol can replace any other symbol appearing in the game, which means that it is easier to complete winning combinations to boosts players’ chances to win big. Black Hawk Deluxe is the re-vamped version of highly-popular Black Hawk slot , so each and every enthusiast of the classic version should give it a go without any kind of hesitation! Especially, because new version uses the latest Wazdan features like Double Screen Mode, Volatility Levels™ , Energy Saving Mode and personalized Unique Gamble Feature . Black Hawk Deluxe from Wazdan is not only about fabulous graphics and interesting theme, but also great winning opportunities thanks to the Wild Symbol, so don’t wait too long and give it a spin right now! read more Pique your online gaining cuRIOsity Meet us READ MORE --> Awards Client Area Contact Privacy Policy Our Licences & Certifications Wazdan Limited, having its registered address at Office Number 602 Dragonara Road, STJ 3141 St Julian's, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under Licence Number: MGA/B2B/206/2011, issued on 1st August 2018. Wazdan Limited is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 48872. + 10 More Responsible Gaming Read More © Wazdan. All rights reserved. We are at ICE London 2024. Meet us and experience your Online Gaining transformation. 6 - 8 Feb. 2024 | London N7-420 Stand Discover now! --> play Log In [ultimatemember form_id="44771"] register We are keen to receive your application! Introduce yourself and tell us what your thing is. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Surname * Email * Message * File Upload * Drag &amp; Drop Files, Choose Files to Upload You can upload up to 2 files. Chosen job: Choose job offer 2D Animator (After Effects, Spine 2D) 2D Graphic Designer (Digital Painting) Account Manager Account Operations Specialist Accounting Department Coordinator Administration and Accounting Specialist Administrator Linux AI Assistant AI Marketing Specialist C++ Game Developer Content designer Cybersecurity Specialist Digital Marketing Specialist Employer Branding Events Specialist Frontend Developer Frontend Developer Frontend Game Developer Game Analyst Game Art Project Lead Game Compliance Analyst Game tester Graphic &amp; Motion Designer Graphic Designer (Digital &amp; Web) HR Manager Independent Accountant Independent Accountant Senior Accountant Java Game Developer Java Test Automation Engineer Junior Administration Specialist Junior Graphic Designer Junior HR Specialist Junior Linux Administrator Junior Marketing Specialist Junior Technical Customer Support Junior Windows Administrator PHP-Backend-Developer Python developer Senior Java Game Developer Sound Designer Technical customer support Technical Monitoring Specialist Web application tester Please include the following clause in your Resume: I hereby consent to my personal data being processed by Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o. Oddział w Polsce for the purpose of considering my application. The data provided may be transferred for the implementation of the indicated purposes only to entities authorized under the provisions of law, as well as entities authorized on the basis of contracts concluded by the company. Providing personal data by users is voluntary. Users have the right to access their data and correct it. By clicking the "Apply" button, you agree to the processing of your personal data contained in the recruitment application by Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o.., with headquarters at Technologiczna 4/1B.11, 45-839 Opole, for the purpose of recruiting for the position indicated in the job offer. We kindly inform you that we will contact only selected candidates. By applying you confirm that youn have read Privacy Policy Send Czekamy na Twoje zgłoszenie! Przedstaw się i napisz, czym się zajmujesz. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Imię * Nazwisko * Email * Wiadomość * File Upload * Drag &amp; Drop Files, Choose Files to Upload You can upload up to 2 files. Wybrane stanowisko: Wybierz stanowisko 2D Graphic Designer (Digital Painting) Account Manager Account Operations Specialist Accounting Department Coordinator Administration and Accounting Specialist Administrator Linux AI Assistant AI Marketing Specialist Animator 2D (After Effects, Spine 2D) C++ Game Developer Content Designer Content writer Digital Marketing Specialist Employer Branding Events Specialist Frontend Developer Frontend Developer Frontend Game Developer Game Analyst Game Art Project Lead Game Compliance Analyst Game tester Graphic &amp; Motion Designer Graphic Designer (Digital &amp; Web) HR Manager Independent Accountant Independent Accountant Senior Accountant Java Game Developer Java Test Automation Engineer Junior Administration Specialist Junior Graphic Designer Junior HR Specialist Junior Linux Administrator Junior Marketing Specialist Junior Technical Customer Support Junior Windows Administrator PHP-Backend-Developer Python developer Senior Java Game Developer Sound Designer Specjalista ds. Cyberbezpieczeństwa Technical Customer Support Technical Monitoring Specialist Web Application Tester Web application tester W CV prosimy umieścić klauzulę w pełnym jej brzmieniu: Wyrażam zgodę na przetwarzanie moich danych osobowych zawartych w niniejszym formularzu przez Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o. Oddział w Polsce dla celów rekrutacji na potrzeby spółki. Podane dane mogą zostać przekazane dla realizacji wskazanych celów wyłącznie podmiotom uprawnionym na podstawie przepisów prawa, jak również upoważnionym na podstawie zawartych przez spółkę umów. Podanie przez użytkowników danych osobowych jest dobrowolne. Użytkownikom przysługuje prawo dostępu do treści swoich danych i ich poprawiania. Klikając w przycisk „Aplikuj” zgadzasz się na przetwarzanie przez Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o., z siedzibą przy ul. Technologiczna 4/1B.11, 45-839 Opole, Twoich danych osobowych zawartych w zgłoszeniu rekrutacyjnym w celu prowadzenia rekrutacji na stanowisko wskazane w ogłoszeniu. Uprzejmie informujemy, ze skontaktujemy się jedynie z wybranymi kandydatami. Wysyłając zgłoszenie, potwierdzasz zapoznanie się z naszą Polityka Prywatności Wyślij Contact us Pick our brains! Find out how we can set you up for growth. Leave a Message Get in Touch Fill in the form, and we will contact you shortly! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. I&#039;m * from * and have a question regarding: * Contact me on: * By clicking “Submit”, I acknowledge receipt of the Wazdan Privacy Policy. Submit Contact our CCO, Andrzej Hyla, directly on Linkedin Contact me Wazdan_Catalogue Contact us Fill in the form, and we will contact you shortly! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Surname * From * and have a question regarding: * Contact me on: * By subscribing, you agree to receive emails from us. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information. You can unsubscribe at any time. Submit Request Contact Cookies & Privacy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Cookies & Privacy