Magic Spins™ - slot game - Wazdan Game info Features Demo Magic Spins™ is a blend of cutting-edge mechanics, innovative features, and an entirely new look of reels. Everything to give players the highest level of engagement and enhance their gaming satisfaction. While casting the spells of spins, your players reach the Hold the Jackpot™ bonus round full of magical Bonus symbols and prizes up to 2500x their bet! With the wave of a magic wand, Magic Spins™ guarantees a deep immersion and full engagement. Hold the Jackpot™ bonus round with new groundbreaking Bonus symbols Absorbing Increasing Value Cash symbols and Collector symbols boosting player engagement New innovative Collect to Infinity™ feature! Wins up to 2500x player&#8217;s bet Unique Gamble Feature that allows players to double their wins up to 7 times in a row Buy Feature with four different bonus entry levels giving players freedom of choice Three Volatility Levels™ to adjust the gameplay to player&#8217;s preferences Want to engage your players and boost your casino? Ask your dedicated Wazdan Account Manager about the game or write to us at sales@wazdan.com . Sticky Special Bonus symbols Mesmerising way to reach the Hold the Jackpot™ magical round Magic Spins™ is rich with various Bonus symbols that keep your players attracted. Gathering at least 6 of them takes players to the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus round in which the real magic starts! To make the game even more charming, Special Bonus symbols may appear on the big and mega reels and stick to them for up to 10 Re-Spins. This brings your players closer to the Bonus round. Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus round with extremely engaging symbols Gathering at least 6 Bonus symbols of any type invites players to a truly magical bonus round in which they may conjure various charming symbols. Cash symbols may be drawn on the tiny reels and grant players with prizes ranging from 1x-5x their bet. In order to attract players even more, the Bonus game offers Collector, Jackpot, Mystery, and Increasing Value Cash symbols that only appear on four big corner reels. For a truly immersive experience, players may grab Mega Collector, Magic Mystery, and Mega Increasing Value Cash symbols that can only land on the mega central reel. As with a wave of a magic wand, Increasing Value Cash symbols award players with charming prizes ranging from 3x-7x whereas Mega Increasing Cash Symbols, award players with prizes ranging from 5x-10x their bet and their values increase with every Re-Spin up to 10 times. Collector and Mega Collector symbols accumulate all values from Cash symbols drawn on the small adjacent reels, until their countdown reaches 0. To boost players’ satisfaction, they may also appear with the Collect to Infinity™ feature and accumulate Cash symbols values to infinity. For a truly magical experience, Magic Mystery symbol transforms into Mini, Minor, Major and Magic Jackpot symbols or the Mega Collector symbol. To make a game more mysterious, players can spot the Mystery symbol that may transform into any other Bonus symbol. Finally, during spinning the bonus round, players may cast spells and grab Mini, Minor, and Major Jackpots. In the end, after filling all 29 reels with Bonus symbols of any type, players grab the Grand Jackpot of 2500x their bet. 29 Reels 29 Reels Magic Spins™ is a 29-reel video slot that takes players to a truly magical world full of charms and fortunate predictions. The extraordinary and innovative look with four big corner reels and one mega central reel gives players the unrepeatably magic gaming experience. Magic Spins™ is a must-have title in every casino as it guarantees players’ engagement and satisfaction. Its extraordinary design, melodic soundtrack, advanced mechanics, and multiple innovative features will fascinate and keep your players immersed for longer. Buy Feature Cast a spell to get the Bonus round in a snap! The wizards know the best magic tricks to reach the gates of fortune. This special feature allows your players to open the grimoire and enter the secret world of Jackpots. Using the Low, Standard, High, or Extreme options, your players may instantly get into the Hold the Jackpot™ bonus round and feel like real magicians. Four different entry levels are like spells to cast – each of them contains additional Bonus symbols to grab. This choice gives your players even more personalised and “tailor-made” gaming experience. Unique Gamble Feature A great chance to double wins up to 7 times in a row Trying their magical powers, your players can double their wins up to 7 times in a row by choosing the right colour of a gem. Mega Wins Wins up to 2500x player's bet Various attractive Bonus symbols give your players multiple chances to conjure up valuable prizes. While waving a magical wand, they may grab the Grand Jackpot prize of 2500x their bet which is the maximum prize in the game. Wild symbol A great way to substitute for other symbols Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols giving players a magic wand for more engaging spinning tricks. Volatility Levels™ Wins size and frequency adjusted to players’ preferences Volatility Levels™ allow players to modify their win size and frequency on the fly! High volatility brings more big wins, but they will happen less often. On the other hand, with low volatility, wins appear more frequently, but their value is usually lower. Players looking for a more balanced experience can select the Standard mode, in which both win size and frequency are more equalised. Ultra Fast Mode A truly dynamic gaming experience Ultra Fast Mode allows players to boost the gameplay to some pretty intense speeds. With this feature on, the reels spin in a blink of an eye! This feature is perfect for those who wish to enjoy a really dynamic experience. Big Screen Mode Focus on the reels Big Screen Mode allows players to enlarge the reels view so that it fills the entire screen, allowing players to focus exclusively on the thrilling action taking place on the reels. With two zoom modes to choose from, players can adjust how the game is displayed on their devices. Become a wizard of your casino. Cast a spell and boost your numbers! Take your players to a mysterious place full of magical spins and long-lasting engagement. Take them to the enchanting world of Magic Spins™! Play now Pique your online gaining cuRIOsity Meet us READ MORE --> Awards Client Area Contact Privacy Policy Our Licences & Certifications Wazdan Limited, having its registered address at Office Number 602 Dragonara Road, STJ 3141 St Julian's, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under Licence Number: MGA/B2B/206/2011, issued on 1st August 2018. Wazdan Limited is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 48872. + 10 More Responsible Gaming Read More © Wazdan. All rights reserved. We are at ICE London 2024. Meet us and experience your Online Gaining transformation. 6 - 8 Feb. 2024 | London N7-420 Stand Discover now! --> play Log In [ultimatemember form_id="44771"] register We are keen to receive your application! Introduce yourself and tell us what your thing is. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Surname * Email * Message * File Upload * Drag &amp; Drop Files, Choose Files to Upload You can upload up to 2 files. Chosen job: Choose job offer 2D Animator (After Effects, Spine 2D) 2D Graphic Designer (Digital Painting) Account Manager Account Operations Specialist Accounting Department Coordinator Administration and Accounting Specialist Administrator Linux AI Assistant AI Marketing Specialist C++ Game Developer Content designer Cybersecurity Specialist Digital Marketing Specialist Employer Branding Events Specialist Frontend Developer Frontend Developer Frontend Game Developer Game Analyst Game Art Project Lead Game Compliance Analyst Game tester Graphic &amp; Motion Designer Graphic Designer (Digital &amp; Web) HR Manager Independent Accountant Independent Accountant Senior Accountant Java Game Developer Java Test Automation Engineer Junior Administration Specialist Junior Graphic Designer Junior HR Specialist Junior Linux Administrator Junior Marketing Specialist Junior Technical Customer Support Junior Windows Administrator PHP-Backend-Developer Python developer Senior Java Game Developer Sound Designer Technical customer support Technical Monitoring Specialist Web application tester Please include the following clause in your Resume: I hereby consent to my personal data being processed by Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o. Oddział w Polsce for the purpose of considering my application. The data provided may be transferred for the implementation of the indicated purposes only to entities authorized under the provisions of law, as well as entities authorized on the basis of contracts concluded by the company. Providing personal data by users is voluntary. Users have the right to access their data and correct it. By clicking the "Apply" button, you agree to the processing of your personal data contained in the recruitment application by Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o.., with headquarters at Technologiczna 4/1B.11, 45-839 Opole, for the purpose of recruiting for the position indicated in the job offer. We kindly inform you that we will contact only selected candidates. By applying you confirm that youn have read Privacy Policy Send Czekamy na Twoje zgłoszenie! Przedstaw się i napisz, czym się zajmujesz. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Imię * Nazwisko * Email * Wiadomość * File Upload * Drag &amp; Drop Files, Choose Files to Upload You can upload up to 2 files. Wybrane stanowisko: Wybierz stanowisko 2D Graphic Designer (Digital Painting) Account Manager Account Operations Specialist Accounting Department Coordinator Administration and Accounting Specialist Administrator Linux AI Assistant AI Marketing Specialist Animator 2D (After Effects, Spine 2D) C++ Game Developer Content Designer Content writer Digital Marketing Specialist Employer Branding Events Specialist Frontend Developer Frontend Developer Frontend Game Developer Game Analyst Game Art Project Lead Game Compliance Analyst Game tester Graphic &amp; Motion Designer Graphic Designer (Digital &amp; Web) HR Manager Independent Accountant Independent Accountant Senior Accountant Java Game Developer Java Test Automation Engineer Junior Administration Specialist Junior Graphic Designer Junior HR Specialist Junior Linux Administrator Junior Marketing Specialist Junior Technical Customer Support Junior Windows Administrator PHP-Backend-Developer Python developer Senior Java Game Developer Sound Designer Specjalista ds. Cyberbezpieczeństwa Technical Customer Support Technical Monitoring Specialist Web Application Tester Web application tester W CV prosimy umieścić klauzulę w pełnym jej brzmieniu: Wyrażam zgodę na przetwarzanie moich danych osobowych zawartych w niniejszym formularzu przez Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o. Oddział w Polsce dla celów rekrutacji na potrzeby spółki. Podane dane mogą zostać przekazane dla realizacji wskazanych celów wyłącznie podmiotom uprawnionym na podstawie przepisów prawa, jak również upoważnionym na podstawie zawartych przez spółkę umów. Podanie przez użytkowników danych osobowych jest dobrowolne. Użytkownikom przysługuje prawo dostępu do treści swoich danych i ich poprawiania. Klikając w przycisk „Aplikuj” zgadzasz się na przetwarzanie przez Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o., z siedzibą przy ul. Technologiczna 4/1B.11, 45-839 Opole, Twoich danych osobowych zawartych w zgłoszeniu rekrutacyjnym w celu prowadzenia rekrutacji na stanowisko wskazane w ogłoszeniu. Uprzejmie informujemy, ze skontaktujemy się jedynie z wybranymi kandydatami. Wysyłając zgłoszenie, potwierdzasz zapoznanie się z naszą Polityka Prywatności Wyślij Contact us Pick our brains! Find out how we can set you up for growth. Leave a Message Get in Touch Fill in the form, and we will contact you shortly! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. I&#039;m * from * and have a question regarding: * Contact me on: * By clicking “Submit”, I acknowledge receipt of the Wazdan Privacy Policy. Submit Contact our CCO, Andrzej Hyla, directly on Linkedin Contact me Wazdan_Catalogue Contact us Fill in the form, and we will contact you shortly! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Surname * From * and have a question regarding: * Contact me on: * By subscribing, you agree to receive emails from us. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information. You can unsubscribe at any time. Submit Request Contact Cookies & Privacy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Cookies & Privacy