Ultimate Slot of America | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it Got what it takes to defend freedom and fortune? FEATURES LIBERTY GEMS The Liberty Gem symbol acts as a Wild multiplier that substitutes for the other paying symbols in the paytable. Landing Liberty Gems triggers a Freedom Respin, with all Liberty Gems staying on the grid during that spin. If more Liberty Gems land, another Freedom Respin is awarded. This continues until no new Liberty Gems land or there are no more available positions. Wins are awarded during each Respin. When a Liberty Gem symbol participates in a winning combination, the value of the win is multiplied by the Gem’s multiplier value. If more than one Liberty Gem symbol is part of the same winning combination, their values are added together before being applied to the win. Liberty Gem symbols will display one of the following multiplier values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x and 10x. GEM CLUSTERS Landing 4 or more Liberty Gems in a square formation of 2x2, 3x3, 4x4 or 5x5 will form a Gem Cluster. A Gem Cluster can grow if additional Liberty Gems land around the existing Cluster in such a way that they collectively form a larger square formation, for example, growing from 2x2 to 3x3. A Gem Cluster can only be formed in these exact square formats. When a Gem Cluster forms it can appear in two different ways. In a Classic Cluster, the multiplier values of each Gem are added together to create one final multiplier. In an Epic Cluster, all multiplier values are first added together, and the total is then multiplied by a value between x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10 and x20 to determine the final multiplier. The final multipliers will be applied to each winning payline the Cluster is part of. BONUS GAME - SPIN-DEPENDENCE DAY Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game maintains the base game's mechanics and offers a greater chance to land Liberty Gems! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. BONUS GAME - RED, WHITE, BLING! Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. In this bonus game all Liberty Gems and Clusters that land are Sticky! Landing Liberty Gems does not trigger Freedom Respins in this bonus. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. HIDDEN EPIC BONUS - PURSUIT OF RICHES Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This Hidden Epic Bonus maintains the mechanics of the SPIN-DEPENDENCE DAY bonus. In addition, at least 5 Liberty Gems will land on each spin, not including the Freedom Respins! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. SPECIAL SYMBOLS Liberty Gems and Gem Clusters substitute for all symbols in the paytable. FS symbols and Liberty Gems cannot land on the grid at the same time. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks