Le Bandit | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it ZUT ALORS! LE BANDIT&#x27;S IN TOWN! Experience a different side to urban Paris life where a crowbar-wielding raccoon stalks the streets... Star of the show Smokey Le Bandit is known for his pocket-picking ways and fondness of Leprechaun hats. But tame his unscrupulous side, and there's ample treasure to be shared amongst plucky inner-city dwellers! Promising wins worth up to 10,000x the stake, Le Bandit is a thrill-a-minute backstreet adventure &nbsp; that &nbsp; plays out over 6 reels and 5 rows with Cascades and Golden Squares central to the action. Have you got what it takes&nbsp;to ward off this dastard raccoon's clutches? FEATURES SUPER CASCADES Whenever you achieve a winning combination, all contributing regular paying symbols - plus any matching types visible on the reels - will vanish to make way for a new set tumbling down into the vacant cells - leading to potentially lengthy cascade snowballs. The process repeats as long as wins continue to form with each subsequent cascade. GOLDEN SQUARES Watch as every position forming part of a win is highlighted with a Golden Square once that symbol disappears from the reels. All Golden Squares are then activated should a Rainbow be present on the same spin - prompting affected positions to receive coin values from Bronze to Gold, or one of two special symbols: Four-Leaf Clovers and Pots of Gold. Bronze Coin multiplier values range from 0.2x to 4x, while Silver Coins offer values worth between 5 and 20x&nbsp; and&nbsp; Gold Coins &nbsp;bring values worth up to 500x. Once all Coin values are revealed, any Four-Leaf Clovers on show multiply their adjacent cells (including Pots of Gold symbols) by values from 2x to 10x. Next, any Pot of Gold symbols on the reels come into play - collecting the aggregated values of Coins in view plus other Pots of Gold, before storing the total multiplier sum. Pots of Gold activate in an order of top-to-bottom, left-to-right. It's also possible to land more than one Pot of Gold symbol in a spin, which collect each other's value following Coin collections. After the last Pot of Gold in view is done collecting, Golden Squares get re-activated for one more round and the process repeats. LUCK OF THE BANDIT BONUS Triggered organically by landing 3 FS base game symbols, benefit from Golden Squares remaining highlighted between spins until they're activated by a Rainbow. Retriggers are a possibility, where 2 FS symbols get you an extra 2 spins and 3 FS symbols grant 3 more. What's more, you can upgrade instantly to the ALL THAT GLITTERS IS GOLD round by landing 4 FS symbols. This sees you carry your current free spins haul plus an additional four spins into the next feature. ALL THAT GLITTERS IS GOLD BONUS Beginning with 12 free spins, this bonus is triggered by 4 FS symbols landing at once in the base game. Here, all Golden Squares remain highlighted throughout the entire bonus round and can be activated again, and again (and again)! Look out for the all-important Rainbow symbol dropping to capitalize on all those Golden Squares. Re-triggers can be earned in the same manner as the previous bonus round. TREASURE AT THE END OF THE RAINBOW BONUS Saving the best for last, land 5 FS symbols during a base game spin to enter Le Bandit's holy grail with 12 free spins. What's so special about TREASURE AT THE END OF THE RAINBOW? All highlighted squares remain illuminated throughout, while a Rainbow feature is guaranteed to land on EVERY SINGLE SPIN - spelling bumper rewards. Trigger this bonus (which cannot be purchased) and begin to smell the tantalizing treasures awaiting at the rainbow's end. Bonus Buy Turn day into night at the click of a button and gain instant access to the bonus rounds via the Buy Bonus menu. BonusHunt FeatureSpins™ BonusHunt FeatureSpins™ give you 5x enhanced odds at triggering a bonus game in exchange for a fee worth 3 times your stake. GAME DATA Volatility: 3 / 5 Wintype: Cluster Pays Max win: 10,000x RTP: 96.34%; 94.23%; 92.17%; 88.36% &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks