Henry The Ape Henry the Ape is a 6-reel slot game with 4 symbols per reel. The game is a ways game with 4,096 ways to win. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the available bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A symbol win is awarded when a combination of qualifying matching symbols appears on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Only the payout for the longest winning combination is awarded. The highest combination win value is always awarded. All wins occur on matching win combinations. Wins on separate matching combinations are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per matching combination. Bet Selection When a bet is selected, the symbols on the reels change to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. SYMBOLS Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the Bonus Symbol. The Wild Symbol has a chance to reveal a x2, x3, x5 or x10 multiplier when it is a part of a winning combination during the base game. Wilds always reveal a multiplier if part of a winning combination during Free Spins. Wild multiplier values are additive. Wild symbols can only land on reels 2 to 6. Super High Paying Symbol The Super High Paying Symbol pays 2 of a kind and appears on all reels. When a Super High Paying Symbol lands on reels 2 to 5, the Nudge feature will activate. While active, any Super High Paying Symbols on reels 2 to 5 will nudge down one row while the other reels spin. Super High Paying Symbols will continue to nudge until they exit the reels. Scatter Symbol The Scatter Symbol can land on all reels and is only available in the Base Game. Landing 3 or more Scatter Symbols will trigger the Free Spins Feature. The number of Scatter Symbols present will determine the starting Free Spins award. 3 Scatters: 8 Free Spins 4 Scatters: 10 Free Spins and Mid 2 Symbol transformed into Super High Symbol 5 Scatters: 12 Free Spins and Mid Symbols transformed into Super High Symbol 6 Scatters: 15 Free Spins and Mid + High Symbols transformed into Super High Symbol FEATURES Second Chance Feature The Second Chance Feature has a chance to trigger when only two Scatter Symbols are present at the end of a spin during the Base Game. When the feature activates, an extra scatter will be nudged onto the reels, triggering the Free Spins Feature. Fat Stacks Feature During the Base Game and Free Spins, 1 to 2 stacks of the Super High Paying Symbol can be randomly added to reels 2, 3, 4 or 5 on a non-winning spin. Stacks cannot be added to reels 1 or 6. During Free Spins, stacks of the Super High Paying Symbol have a chance to land with Gold Disks. Drop the Win Feature The Drop the Win Feature has a chance to activate at the end of a non-winning spin during the Base Game. Super High Symbols or Wild Symbols can be added to complete a winning combination. Rewind Feature The Rewind Feature has a chance to activate after a non-winning spin in the Base Game, re-spinning the reels to form a winning combination. Free Spins Feature If 3 or more Scatter Symbols land in the Base Game, the Free Spins Feature is triggered. During the feature, a Bonus Meter is placed above the reels. On all reels, the Super High Symbol can land or nudge with a Gold Disk, which will be collected into the Bonus Meter. For every 4 Gold Disks collected, additional Free Spins will be awarded, and a symbol will transform into the Super High Symbol across all reels. The rewards for collections are as follows: 4 Gold Disks: +5 Free Spins and Mid 2 Symbol transformed 8 Gold Disks: +4 Free Spins and Mid 1 Symbol transformed 12 Gold Disks: +3 Free Spins and High 2 Symbol transformed 16 Gold Disks: +2 Free Spins and High 1 Symbol transformed Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base bet by pressing the "+" or "-" buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: Random Free Spins for 179x your Base Bet. 94.29% RTP. Super Free Spins for 425x your Base Bet. 94.27% RTP. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Push Bet Push Bet = 2x of your Base Bet, and increases the chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature. RTP 94.36%. The Push Bet can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the toggle above the available bets. The switch will be displayed in green when the Push Bet is active. The switch will be shown in grey when the Push Bet is inactive. Activating Push Bet mode, will change symbols on the reels to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. When using the Push Bet, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Total Bet amount. The Push Bet can be deactivated at the end of a game round. When the game is in autoplay, the autoplays must be switched off first to deactivate the Push Bet. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.40%. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the progression in the Free Spins Feature. Last modification date: 10/22/2025