Happy Bamboo Happy Bamboo is a 3-reel slot game with 3 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines except for instant prizes. Instant prizes are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. SYMBOLS Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol is a symbol that substitutes for all other paying symbols. The Wild Symbol doesn't substitute for the Golden Bamboo Symbol, Mystery Jackpot Symbol, or for any symbol revealed from the Golden Bamboo Symbol. Mystery Bamboo Symbol Mystery Bamboo Symbols can land anywhere on the reels. After landing, all Mystery Bamboo Symbols will reveal the same type of symbol from the following: • Wild Symbols • Paying Symbols • Golden Mystery Bamboo Symbols Golden Mystery Bamboo Symbol Golden Mystery Bamboo Symbols are revealed from the Mystery Bamboo Symbols. Each of the Golden Mystery Bamboo Symbols open and spin through, and can reveal the following symbols: • Coin Symbols • Collector Symbols • Multiplier Symbols • Mystery Jackpot Symbols Collector Symbol The Collector Symbol is a symbol the can land during the Golden Bamboo Feature. When the Collector Symbol lands, it will collect the value of all other Instant Prize Symbols, Jackpot Symbols and Collector Symbols. All Instant Prize Symbols are removed from the reels when collected. The Collector Symbol will remain on the reels throughout the Golden Bamboo Feature. The empty positions will spin through all of the possible prizes. Multiplier Symbol The Multiplier Symbol is a symbol that can land during the Golden Bamboo Feature. When the Multiplier Symbol lands, it will send a trail to each Instant Prize Symbols, Mystery Jackpot Symbols and Collector Symbols on the reels by the Multiplier Symbol's value. The Multiplier Symbol is then removed from the reels. The Multiplier is applied to the Symbols at the end of the spin. The empty position will spin through all of the possible prizes. The Multiplier values are: x2, x3, x4, x5 and x10 Instant Prizes The Instant Prize Symbol is a Prize Symbol that can land during the Golden Bamboo Feature. Instant Prizes are Bet Multipliers and their values are: x1, x2, x5, x10, x25, x50 and x100. Mystery Jackpot Symbol The Mystery Jackpot Symbol can only land during the Golden Mystery Bamboo Feature. On landing, the Mystery Jackpot Symbol will slowly rotate through the Jackpots. After all the Instant Prizes have landed, the Mystery Jackpot Symbol will spin through and will land on a Jackpot. The Jackpot value will then be awarded. The Jackpot values are Base Bet multipliers, and their values are: • Mini: (x10) • Minor: (x25) • Mega: (x100) • Grand: (x500) FEATURES Hold and Respin Feature When a Golden Coin is collected to the Panda Pot, the Hold and Respin feature has a chance to trigger. The Panda Pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and does not influence the awarding of the Hold and Respin Feature. On triggering the Hold and Respin feature, a multiplier wheel appears on the screen and spins through to determine the end of round multiplier (x2, x3, x4, x5 or x10). After the multiplier is determined, the Hold and Respin sequence starts. All 9 individual symbol slots spin together but stop in a staggered manner. The following symbols can land: • Mystery Bamboo Symbols • Dud Symbols Mystery Symbols landing in view allow the Respin sequence to continue. Any reel showing the Mystery Bamboo symbol is locked in place for all subsequent spins. The sequence ends when either Mystery Bamboo Symbols are no longer landing or all the slots are filled by Mystery Bamboo Symbols. The Mystery Bamboo Symbols then open to reveal either a Paying Symbol or a Golden Mystery Bamboo Symbol. At the end of the Hold and Respin Feature, the win is multiplied by the end of round multiplier. Swapper Feature When the Panda hits the top of the reels, two symbols swap positions to create a winning combination. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.23%. Last modification date: 2/17/2026