Big Bite How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the available bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines except for Jackpot and Instant Prize Symbols. Jackpot and Instant Prize wins are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current Base Bet configuration, based on the Base Bet per line. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol is a symbol that substitutes for all other paying symbols except for the Fish Symbols, Jackpot Symbols, Orca Symbols and Bonus Symbols. Fish Symbol The Fish Symbol is a symbol with an Instant Prize value attached to it. It can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. These values are: 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 100x, 250x. Fish Symbols are available during the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. Jackpot Symbol The Jackpot Symbol is a symbol with an Instant Prize value attached to it. These values are seen at all times above the reels. Jackpot Symbols can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. The Jackpot values are Base Bet multipliers, and their values are: Mini (x5) Minor (x20) Major (x50) Mega (x500) Grand (x2,000) Jackpot Symbols are available during the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. Orca Symbol The Orca Symbol is a Collector Symbol and can only land on reels 1 and 5 during the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. When the Orca Symbol lands alongside Fish Symbols or Jackpot Symbols, it will collect any Fish and Jackpot Symbol values. When the Orca Symbol lands with a multiplier attached to it, the multiplier value will be applied to any value collected. The multiplier values that can land on the Orca during the Base Game are: x1, x2, x3, x4 and x5. 2 Orca Symbols may land at any point. When this happens along with Fish Symbols or Jackpot Symbols, each Orca Symbol will collect the values attached to them and apply the corresponding multipliers, if available. Bonus Symbol The Free Spins Feature is activated when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land on the reels. 3 Bonus Symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with a starting x1 Orca Multiplier. 4 Bonus Symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with a starting x3 Orca Multiplier. 5 Bonus Symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with a starting x5 Orca Multiplier. Free Spins Feature The Free Spins Feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land in the Base Game. The Free Spins Feature has a 5x5 reel set. Orca Symbols that land during the Free Spins will be collected towards the Progression meter next to the reels. When a new level is reached, additional Free Spins and an Orca Symbol multiplier is awarded. Level 1 - awards 5 additional Free Spins and a x2 Orca Multiplier. Level 2 - awards 5 additional Free Spins and a x3 Orca Multiplier. Level 3 - awards 5 additional Free Spins and a x4 Orca Multiplier. Level 4 - awards 5 additional Free Spins and a x5 Orca Multiplier. The Orca Symbol multiplier will multiply any Instant Prize value attached to the Fish and Jackpot Symbols. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base Bet by pressing the '-' or '+' buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: Random Bonus Symbols for 77x your Base Bet. 94.35% RTP. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Push Bet Activating Push Bet mode will raise your Base Bet by 20%, increasing the chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature. The Push Bet can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the toggle above the available bets. The switch will be displayed in green when the Push Bet is active. The switch will be shown in grey when the Push Bet is inactive. When using the Push Bet, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Total Bet amount. The Push Bet can be deactivated at the end of a game round. When the game is in autoplay, the autoplays must be switched off first to deactivate the Push Bet. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player’s account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) without using the Push Bet is 94.32%. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) using the Push Bet is 94.35%. Last modification date: 10/29/2025