Razor Shark GAME INFO Razor Shark is a 5-reel slot with 20 win lines, and 4 symbols per reel. Features include Wild Symbols, Free Games Feature, and Mystery Stacks. The Mystery Stacks feature has 2 sub-features associated with it: Nudge & Reveal Feature and Razor Reveal Feature. How to Play To select a bet, press the Bet button and select a bet. To play a game, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Bet Selection When a bet is selected, the symbols on the reels change to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the Autoplay button, and select the number of game rounds to play. The Stop Autoplay button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game are played through quickly. Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled in the Settings menu. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game, press the Skip button, if available. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively from leftmost to right along a win line. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except the Scatter symbol. Scatter Symbol The Sea Mine Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. If 3 Scatter Symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Additional Scatters reward a +1 to the Free Games Feature; as each +1 causes the Mystery Stacks to nudge up by 1 position. Mystery Stacks The Mystery Stacks are in stacks of 4 symbols and can land anywhere on the reel. When the Mystery Stack lands on the reels, the Nudge & Reveal Feature is Triggered. Nudge & Reveal Feature When the Nudge & Reveal Feature triggers, the Mystery Stacks open and reveal either Paying Symbols or Golden Shark Symbols. When the Mystery Stack lands and reveals paying symbols, all matching symbols from left to right on a win line are paid. When the Mystery Stack lands and reveals a Golden shark, the Razor Reveal Feature is triggered. Razor Reveal Feature The Razor Reveal Feature is triggered when the Mystery Stack reveals the Golden Shark. Once triggered, each symbol position of the Mystery Stack will spin and land on either Bet Multiplier Coins or Scatter Symbols. Bet Multiplier Coins - The Bet Multiplier Coins will have a range of values between 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x, 1000x and 2500x. When all the symbol position of the Mystery Stack has landed a reward, all Bet Multiplier Coins will be totaled and paid. Scatter Symbols - Scatter Symbols can land during the Razor Reveal Feature. Landing 3 Scatter Symbols during the Razor Reveal Feature triggers the Free Games feature after all wins are paid. Additional Scatters will reward a +1 to the Free Games Feature. If 3 Scatter Symbols have landed outside the Mystery Stack, then the Razor Reveal Feature can only land Scatters to reward a +1 to the Free Games Feature. If the Mystery Stacks reveals Paying Symbols, any existing win lines are paid. Once the Player presses to spin again, the Mystery Stacks will nudge down by 1 position with the remaining reels spinning normally. This process will repeat itself until there are no more Mystery Stacks on the reels. If the Mystery Stacks reveal Golden Shark Symbols, the Razor Reveal Feature is triggered, which awards the Player with Bet Multipliers Coins and Scatters Symbols. Free Games Feature If 3 or more Scatter Symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. When the Free Games Feature begins, the second and fourth reels are filled with Mystery Stacks. During the Free Games Feature, a multiplier is applied to all wins. The multiplier starts at 1x. Each time that the Nudge and Reveal Feature is triggered, the multiplier is increased. Free Games continue until there are no Mystery Stacks anywhere in view. The Razor Reveal Feature can also occur during the Free Games, but will only reveal Bet Multiplier Coins and Scatters that make the Mystery Stacks nudge by 1 position. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.06% . Last modification date: 9/9/2025