Jammin Jars GAME INFO Jammin’ Jars is a 8-row, 8-column matching symbol game. How to Play To select a bet, press the Bet button and select a bet. To play a game, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the Autoplay button, and select the number of game rounds to play. The Stop Autoplay button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game are played through quickly. Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled in the Settings menu. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game, press the Skip button, if available. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules Cluster Wins are achieved by matching 5 or more adjacent symbols, horizontally or vertically. Symbols can contribute to multiple Cluster Wins. The highest cluster win value is always awarded in a single cluster. Cascading and Collapsing At the start of a game, all symbols from the previous game are removed from the board and new symbols Cascade in from the top of the screen. When Cluster Wins occur, symbols that contribute to any Cluster Win are removed, and all remaining symbols on the board Collapse downwards. Also, new symbols drop from the top of the screen to fill all available positions on the board. Jam Jar Symbol The Jam Jar Symbol is a Wild Symbol that substitute for all other symbols. If a Jam Jar Symbol contributes to a Cluster Win, the symbol will randomly move to an adjacent, vacant position before the following Collapse occurs. When a Collapse occurs, all Jam Jar Symbols are held in place. Every Jam Jar Symbol instance has a multiplier associated with it. The multiplier value starts as 1X. The current multiplier value is applied to any win that the Jam Jar Symbol instance contributes to. After an instance of a Jam Jar Symbol contributes to any number of Cluster Wins, the associated multiplier value increases by 1. The maximum possible multiplier for a single Jam Jar is 49x. The Jam Jar Symbol is also a Scatter Symbol. If 3 or more Jam Jar Symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Free Games Feature If 3 or more Jam Jar Symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. If a Jam Jar Symbol contributes to a Cluster Win, the symbol will randomly move to an adjacent, vacant position before the following Collapse occurs. This also happens before a Cascade occurs. When a Collapse or a Cascade occurs, all Jam Jar Symbols are held in place. Rainbow Feature The Rainbow Feature is randomly triggered after any non-winning Collapse or Cascade. When the Rainbow Feature is triggered, a Rainbow will animate over the board and add one or more Giant Fruit Symbols of the same type to the board. The Giant Fruit Symbols will convert any positions that they cover to the Fruit Symbol of the same type as the Giant Fruit Symbols. Jam Jar Symbols cannot be converted by Giant Fruit Symbols. This feature is not available during the Free Games Feature. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the Bonus Buy button (the star icon in the bottom corner of the screen) you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Games Feature for 86x your base bet. You can reduce or increase your base bet pressing the “-” or “+” buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Games Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Base Bet The Base Bet is the total bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The maximum payout per game round is 19,998.45x the current bet amount. Last modification date: 11/4/2025