Masked Mayhem Masked Mayhem is a 5-reel slot game with 5 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplays. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines except for Instant Prizes and Jackpots. These are added to line wins. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Symbols Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol is a symbol that substitutes for all other symbols except for the Instant Prize Symbols, Jackpot Symbols and Bonus Symbols. Instant Prize Symbols The Pinata Symbols are Instant Prize Symbols with cash values attached to them. These values are based on the selected Base Bet. Instant Prizes are only paid out when collected by a Win Zone. The Instant Prize values available are: x0.2, x0.5, x1, x2, x3, x5, x10, x20, x50, x100, x250, x500, x1,000 Bonus Symbol The Bonus Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. The Free Spins Feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land on the reels in the Base Game. • 3 Bonus Symbols award 6 Free Spins • 4 Bonus Symbols award 8 Free Spins • 5 Bonus Symbols award 10 Free Spins In the Free Spins Feature, when the Bonus Symbol lands, it triggers a chase movement for the Win Zone, where the Win Zone will always move to collect the Bonus Symbols. Jackpot Symbols The Jackpot Symbols can only land during the Free Spins Feature. The Jackpot Symbols are collected by the Win Zone. There are 5 different kinds of Jackpot Symbols: Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot, Mega Jackpot and Grand Jackpot. The values of these are based on the selected Base Bet, and the values available are: • Mini Jackpot - x10 • Minor Jackpot - x50 • Major Jackpot - x250 • Mega Jackpot - x1,000 • Grand Jackpot - x2,500 The Jackpots are only paid out when enough symbols have been collected towards the Jackpot UI. When a Jackpot has been awarded, the meter for that Jackpot is reset and can be collected again. Win Zone The Win Zone is an overlay. In the Base Game, it can appear in any size ranging from 2x2 to 5x5. If any Instant Prizes land in the Win Zone, those Instant Prizes will be paid out. FEATURES Free Spins Feature The Free Spins Feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land in the Base Game. The Free Spins Feature consists of 4 levels which are progressive through collecting Bonus Symbols. The feature always starts on level 1. • Level 1 - 2x2 Win Zone • Level 2 - 3x3 Win Zone, x2 Multiplier on Instant Prize Symbols and awards 4 additional Free Spins • Level 3 - 4x4 Win Zone, x3 Multiplier on Instant Prize Symbols and awards 3 additional Free Spins • Level 4 - 5x5 Win Zone, x5 Multiplier on Instant Prize Symbols and awards 2 additional Free Spins The Win Zone is persistent during the Free Spins and starts as a 2x2. Throughout the feature, the Win Zone stays in place or moves towards any Bonus Symbols that land (starting with the closest. If several are equidistant - in order of left to right, top to bottom), taking the shortest route, always prioritising Jackpots first, then highest value of Instant Prizes. Instant Prize Symbols and Jackpot Symbols that land in the Win Zone are collected. If the Win Zone passes through or lands on any new Instant Prizes or Jackpot Symbols during this movement, they are also collected. The Instant Prize values available are: x1, x2, x3, x5, x10, x20, x50, x100, x250, x500, x1,000 Bonus Symbols Bonus Symbols that land during the Free Spins are collected towards the Progression UI next to the reels, showing the number of Bonus Symbols needed to progress the Free Spins feature. When 4 Bonus Symbols have been collected, the Free Spins Feature will progress to the next level. Jackpot Symbols Jackpot Symbols are collected by the Win Zone and are collected towards the Jackpot UI for that specific Jackpot. The Jackpots are paid out when enough symbols for the specific Jackpot have been collected. Dud Symbols A Dud Symbol is a symbol with no value or function. Second Chance Sometimes, when there are mostly Dud Symbols on the reels, a Second Chance feature will trigger. When the Second Chance feature triggers, 1 or 2 of the Dud Symbols outside the Win Zone will convert to a Bonus Symbol. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Game Features. You can reduce or increase your Base bet by pressing the "+" or "-" buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the Game Feature by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Game Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return to the Bonus Buy page. • Random Bonus Symbols for 60x your Base Bet and 94.38% RTP. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.31%. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the progression in the Free Spins Feature. Server Version: 1.1.1 Client Version: 6.16.0 09-25-2025 History Last modification date: 2/17/2026