Wild Swarm Wild Swarm is a 5-reel slot with 20 win lines, and 4 symbols per reel. Features include Wild Symbols, Free Games Feature, and Swarm Mode Feature. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game, press the Skip button, if available. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively from leftmost to right along a win line. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbols The Wild Honey and Sticky Wild Symbols are Wild Symbols that substitute for all other symbols except the Scatter Symbol and the Chest Symbol. The Sticky Wild Symbol only appears during the Free Games Feature and the Swarm Mode Feature. Any Sticky Wild Symbols that land anywhere are sticky, and are held in position until the feature is over. Scatter Symbol The Hive Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. If 3 or more Hive Symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Pick Feature Bonus If a Chest Symbol lands anywhere, the Pick Feature Bonus is triggered. The player is presented with five hidden Instant Prizes to pick from. The player selects one of the hidden Instant Prizes, and an Instant Prize is revealed and awarded. During the Base Game, Instant Prizes include: Bet Multipliers, trigger of the Free Spins Feature, trigger of the Swarm Boost Feature, and trigger of the Swarm Mode Feature. The Bet Multiplier values are : 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 45x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 125x, 150x, 200x and 250x. During the Free Games Feature and Swarm Mode Features, Instant Prizes include: 1, 2, or 5 free spins, and Sticky Wild Enhancements. Sticky Wild Enhancements include: Shifting Wilds: All Sticky Wild Symbols shift one position to the left. Expanding Wilds: One Sticky Wild Symbol expands vertically to fill the reel with Sticky Wild Symbols. Free Games Feature If 3 or more Hive Symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. The Free Games Feature can also be triggered as an Instant Prize in the Pick Feature Bonus. Landing 3, 4, or 5 Hive Symbols initially awards 7, 10, or 15 Free Games respectively. Triggering the Free Games Feature via the Pick Feature Bonus will award 6, 8, 9, 10, or 12 Free Games. Collectable Bees During the Base Game, if a Bee Symbol lands anywhere, the bee flies into the Hive, and is collected. A Wild Honey Symbol is left behind in its place on the reels. When the Hive has reached the maximum level of 5, and a Bee Symbol lands anywhere, there is a chance that the Hive will explode, and Swarm Mode Feature will be triggered. Swarm Mode Feature The Swarm Mode Feature is triggered when the Hive explodes, or if trigger of the Swarm Mode Feature is revealed and awarded as an Instant Prize in the Pick Feature Bonus. At the start of the Swarm Mode Feature, a number of Sticky Wild Symbols are added to the reels and 10 free spins are awarded. During the Swarm Mode Feature, any Sticky Wild Symbols that land anywhere are sticky and held in place for the duration of the feature. At the end of the Swarm Mode Feature, a new Hive appears above the reels, with an initial level of 2, 3, or 4. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.67%. Last modification date: 9/3/2025