10 Santa's Reindeers 10 Santa’s Reindeers is a 5-reel slot game with 3 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplays. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button . When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines except for Reindeer Symbols and Jackpot Reindeer Symbols. Reindeer Symbols and Jackpot Reindeer Symbols wins are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current Base Bet configuration, based on the Base Bet per line. Wild Symbol The W Symbol is a Wild Symbol that substitutes for all other symbols except for the Bell Symbol, Reindeer Symbol, and Jackpot Reindeer Symbols. Scatter Symbol The Bell Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. Landing 3 or more Bell Symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger the Free Spins Feature. Reindeer Symbol During the Base and Free Spins Feature, Reindeer Symbols may land. Landing 4 or more Reindeer Symbols anywhere on the reels will award an Instant Prize Win. Reindeer Symbol Instant Prize Wins are Base Bet multipliers. The size of the Instant Prize Win is relative to the number of Reindeer Symbols that have landed on the reels: • 10 Reindeer Symbols - x1000 Instant Win; • 9 Reindeer Symbols - x500 Instant Win; • 8 Reindeer Symbols - x100 Instant Win; • 7 Reindeer Symbols - x25 Instant Win; • 6 Reindeer Symbols - x10 Instant Win; • 5 Reindeer Symbols - x5 Instant Win; • 4 Reindeer Symbols - x2 Instant Win. Jackpot Reindeer Symbol Jackpot Reindeer Symbols may land during the Base Game and Free Spins Feature. When a Jackpot Reindeer Symbol of any type lands alongside at least 3 other Reindeers, regardless of whether it is a Jackpot Reindeer Symbol or Standard Reindeer Symbol, the Jackpot Reindeer Symbol Instant Prize Win will be awarded. Each Jackpot Reindeer Symbol instance also contributes to the Standard Reindeer Symbol Instant Prize Win. Both Jackpot Reindeer Symbol and Standard Reindeer Symbol Instant Prize Wins will be awarded. There are 4 types of Jackpot Reindeer Symbols, and their values are: • Mega - x5000 Instant Win; • Major - x500 Instant Win; • Minor - x50 Instant Win; • Mini - x15 Instant Win. Jackpot Reindeer Symbols Instant Prize Wins are Base Bet multipliers. Free Spins Feature When 3 or more Bell Symbols land anywhere, the Free Spins Feature is triggered. • Landing 3 Bell Symbols will award 8 Free Spins. • Landing 4 Bell Symbols will award 10 Free Spins. • Landing 5 Bell Symbols will award 12 Free Spins. During the Free Spins Feature, the Bell Symbols that have landed on the reels fill up to the Locked row meter. Each Locked row meter requires 4 Bell Symbol collections. Locked row meters are filled, and the rows are unlocked from the bottom to the top up to the maximum 5x7 reel set. Each unlocked row will award extra Free Spins. • The first unlocked row awards 3 extra Free Spins; • The second and third unlocked rows award 2 extra Free Spins; • The fourth unlocked row awards 1 extra Free Spin. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base bet by pressing the '+' or '-' buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: • Free Spins Feature with a random number of Bell Symbols for 75x your Base Bet and 94.28% RTP. Base Bet The Base bet is the Total bet selected for each new spin or game round. Push-Up A 5x4 reel configuration enhances the opportunity to activate the Free Spins and achieve the Reindeer Symbol, equating to 2.5x times the Base Bet. RTP 94.42% A 5x5 reel configuration enhances the opportunity to activate the Free Spins and achieve the Reindeer Symbol, equating to 5x times the Base Bet. RTP 94.25% The Free Spins Feature will start with the corresponding amount of active rows. The Push-Up can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the Push-Up option above the available bets. When using Push-Up, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Push-Up amount. The Push-Up amount will only activate extra rows. The Push-Up can be deactivated at the end of a game round. When the game is in autoplay, the autoplays must be switched off first to deactivate the Push-Up. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.47%. The maximum payout per game round is 5638x the current bet amount. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the progression in the Free Spins Feature. Last modification date: 12/16/2025