Tiki Tumble Tiki Tumble is a 5-reel slot with 20 win lines, and 4 symbols per reel. Features include stacked Wild Symbols, Free Games Feature, and Nudging Wilds Feature. How to Play To select a bet, press the Bet button and select a bet. To play a game, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar.Bet Selection When a bet is selected, the symbols on the reels change to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the Autoplay button, and select the number of game rounds to play. The Stop Autoplay button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game are played through quickly. Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled in the Settings menu Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game, press the Skip button, if available. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively from leftmost to right along a win line. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except Scatter symbol. The Wild Symbol appears in stacks on the reels. Nudging Wilds Feature The Nudging Wilds Feature is triggered when one or more Wild Symbols appear in the top 3 symbol positions on one or more reels before the reels spin. These reels will nudge down by 1 symbol position, and all other reels will spin. The Nudging Wilds Feature is triggered in the base game and in free games. After all spins and nudges are complete, the reels are evaluated for wins. Scatter Symbol The Gold Mask Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. If 3 or more Gold Mask Symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Free Games Feature If 3 or more Gold Mask Symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. When the Free Games Feature begins, the second and fourth reels are filled with Wild Symbols. During the Free Games Feature, a multiplier is applied to all wins. Initially, the multiplier is IX, 2X, or 3X, depending on the number of Gold Mask Symbols landed. Each time that the Nudging Wilds Feature is triggered, the multiplier is increased. Free Games continue until at the end of a Free Game, there are no Wild Symbols anywhere in view. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the total bet. Bonus Buy By clicking the Bonus Buy button (The star icon in the bottom corner of the screen) you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Games Feature. You can reduce or increase your base bet by pressing the - or + buttons. If you click the Buy button, you will have the option to buy the bonus by clicking Ok, which will start the Free Games Feature and will deduct the total Feature Cost from your balance. If you click Cancel you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: Free Games Feature with 3 Scatter Symbols for 97.5x your base bet. Free Games Feature with 4 Scatter Symbols for 126.5x your base bet. Free Games Feature with 5 Scatter Symbols for 155x your base bet. Free Games Feature with a random number of Scatter Symbols for 102x your base bet. Base Bet The Base Bet is the total bet selected for each new spin or game round. Base Bet The Base Bet is the total bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.36%. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) of the Bonus Buy for the Free Games Feature with 3 Scatter Symbols is 94.42%. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) of the Bonus Buy for the Free Games Feature with 4 Scatter Symbols is 94.60%. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) of the Bonus Buy for the Free Games Feature with 5 Scatter Symbols is 95.01%. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) of the Bonus Buy for the Free Games Feature with a random number of Scatter Symbols is 94.73%. Last modification date: 9/9/2025