MGM Grand Emerald Nights Emerald Nights is a 5-reel slot game with 3 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the available bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines, except Emerald Symbol wins. Emerald Symbol wins are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol substitutes all other paying symbols to create pay lines. The Wild Symbol does not substitute for the Bonus or Emerald Symbols. Bonus Symbol The Bonus Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. Landing 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger the Free Spins Feature. In the Free Spins Feature, the Bonus Symbol may still land to progress the conversion of Low Symbols. Emerald Symbol Emerald Symbol Instant Wins are bet multipliers. During the Base and Free Spins Feature, Emerald Symbols may land. Landing 4 or more Emerald Symbols anywhere on the reels will award an Instant Prize win. The amount won is a Base Bet multiplier relative to the number of Emerald Symbols that have landed on the reels: • 10 Emerald Symbols - 5,000x Instant Win. • 9 Emerald Symbols - 1,000x Instant Win. • 8 Emerald Symbols - 100x Instant Win. • 7 Emerald Symbols - 25x Instant Win. • 6 Emerald Symbols - 10x Instant Win • 5 Emerald Symbols - 5x Instant Win. • 4 Emerald Symbols - 2x Instant Win. Free Spins Feature The Free Spins Feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land in the Base Game. • 3 Bonus Symbols trigger 8 Free Spins. • 4 Bonus Symbols trigger 9 Free Spins with 2 Low Symbols converted to Emerald Symbols. • 5 Bonus Symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with 4 Low Symbols converted to Emerald Symbols. During the Free Spins Feature, any Bonus Symbols that land will be collected on the Low Symbol meter next to the reels. When 4 Bonus Symbols are collected toward a Low Symbol, the corresponding Low Symbol on the reels will be converted into Emerald Symbols.. Bonus Symbols do not land when all Low Symbols are converted into Emerald Symbols. Each Low Symbol conversion will award extra Free Spins. • First Low Symbol conversion awards 4 extra Free Spins; • Second and Third Low Symbol conversions award 3 extra Free Spins; • Fourth Low Symbol conversion awards 2 extra Free Spins. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base bet by pressing the "-" or "+" buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: • Free Spins Feature triggered by a random number of Bonus Symbols for 75x your Base Bet and 94.58% RTP. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Push Bet Activating Push Bet mode will raise your Base Bet by 20%, increasing the chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature. The Push Bet can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the toggle above the available bets. The switch will be displayed in green when the Push Bet is active. The switch will be shown in grey when the Push Bet is inactive. When using the Push Bet, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Push Bet amount. The Push Bet can be deactivated at the end of a game round. When the game is in autoplay, the autoplays must be switched off to deactivate the Push Bet. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player’s account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) using the Push Bet is 94.39%. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) without using the Push Bet is 94.37%. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the progression in the Base Game and Free Spins Feature. Last modification date: 9/23/2025