Triple Rampage Triple Rampage is a 6-reel slot game with 4 symbols per reel. The game is a ways game with 4,096 ways to win. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A symbol win is awarded when a combination of three or more matching symbols appear on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Only the payout for the longest winning combination is awarded. The highest combination win value is always awarded. All wins occur on matching win combinations, except for Instant Prizes and Jackpots, which are added to matching combination wins or equivalent. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per matching combination. Bet Selection When a bet is selected, the symbols on the reels change to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. Symbols Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol substitutes for all other symbols in a qualifying win combination except for the Collector Symbol, Instant Prize Symbols, Jackpot Symbols or Token Symbols. Wild symbols can only land on reels 2 to 6. Collector Symbol The Collector Symbol only appears on reels 1 and 6. The Collector Symbol collects any visible Instant Prize Symbols or Jackpot Symbols. Token Symbol There are three types of Token Symbols, each of which corresponds to a Free Spins Feature. When a Token Symbol is collected by its corresponding Kaiju, the respective Free Spins Feature has a chance to activate. Super Token Symbol When the Super Token Symbol lands, it is collected by all 3 Kaiju simultaneously. Instant Prize Symbols The Instant Prize Symbol can land during both the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. Landing a Collector Symbol on reels 1 and/or 6 will collect any visible Instant Prize Symbols. The Instant Prize Symbols are bet multipliers which can have the following values: x0.1, x0.2, x0.3, x0.4, x0.5, x0.6, x0.8, x1, x1.2, x1.4, x1.6, x1.8, x2, x2.4, x2.8, x3.2, x3.6, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10, x12, x14, x16, x18, x20, x25, x30, x40, x60, x70, x80 or x90. Jackpot Symbols The Jackpot Symbols can land on any reel during both the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. Landing a Collector Symbol on reels 1 and/or 6 will collect any visible Jackpot Symbols. The Jackpot Symbols are bet multipliers with the following values: • Mini: x15 • Minor: x50 • Major: x100 • Mega: x1000 FEATURES Sticky Prizes Instant Prize Symbols and Jackpot Symbols have a chance of becoming sticky after a spin. When sticky, these symbols will remain on the reels until collected by a Collector Symbol. Free Spins Features When a Token Symbol is collected by its corresponding Kaiju, the respective Free Spins Feature has a chance to activate. Triggering any of the Free Spins Features will award 7 Free Spins. Mega Reels Free Spins Activating the Blue Kaiju triggers the Mega Reels Free Spins Feature. This feature expands the reels to 6 rows, increasing the ways to win to 46,656. Power Collector Free Spins Activating the Red Kaiju will trigger the Power Collector Free Spins Feature. During this feature, when a Collector Symbol lands on reels 1 and/or 6, it will nudge down one row for each Free Spin. The Collector will continue to nudge until the symbol exits the reel or Free Spins ends. Kaiju Cash Free Spins Activating the Green Kaiju will trigger the Kaiju Cash Free Spins Feature. During this feature, extra Instant Prize Symbols will be added to all reels. Max Mayhem Free Spins If all 3 Kaiju Pots are triggered simultaneously from the Base Game, 10 Free Spins are awarded, and all Free Spins Features will be active at once. Retriggering Free Spins Collecting a matching Token Symbol during an ongoing Free Spins Feature and retriggering the bonus has a chance to award an additional 3 Free Spins. Free Spins Upgrade Collecting a Token Symbol of another Kaiju has a chance to activate the corresponding Free Spins Feature alongside the ongoing Feature, awarding 3 more Free Spins. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player’s account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.25%. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the progression in the Free Spins Feature. Last modification date: 1/27/2026