Fish 'N' Nudge Big Catch Fish ‘n’ Nudge - Big Catch is a 5-reel slot game with 4 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplays. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines, except Scatter Symbols. Instant Prize wins are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. SYMBOLS Bonus Symbol The Bonus Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. During the Base Game, when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land, the Free Spins Feature is triggered. Net Symbol The Net Symbols are an overlay. These appear on the reels in stacks of 4 and can land anywhere in both the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. During the Base Game Feature, after all wins are evaluated and the spin button is pressed again, the Net Symbols will nudge down by 1 position while all the reels spin. This process will be repeated until there are no more Net Symbols on the reels. Fisherman Symbol The Fisherman Symbol is available during the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. During the Base Game, The Fisherman Symbol is a Wild Symbol that substitutes for all other paying symbols except for the Bonus Symbol and the Net Symbol. During the Base Game and Free Spins Feature, when the Fisherman Symbol lands in a Net Symbol, the Fisherman Symbol will collect all the Instant Prizes that have landed on the reels, regardless of whether they are in a Net Symbol or not. Fish Symbol The Fish Symbols are paying symbols with Instant Prizes attached to them. The Fish Symbol is available in the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. During the Base Game, matching a minimum 3 of a kind consecutively from the leftmost reel will award line wins. The Instant Prize value attached to the Fish Symbol is awarded when the Fish Symbol lands in a Net Symbol. The Instant Prize value for the Fish Symbol will be awarded when the Fisherman Symbol lands in a Net Symbol, regardless of whether the Fish Symbol also lands in the Net Symbol or not. When the Fish Symbol and the Fisherman Symbol land in a Net Symbol, the Fish Symbol Instant Prize will be awarded even after being collected by the Fisherman Symbol. The available values for the Fish Symbols are: x0.5, x0.8, x1, x1.2, x1.5, x1.8, x2, x2.2, x2.5, x3, x5, x6, x8, x10, x12, x15, x18, x20, x25, x50 and x100. FEATURES Free Spins Feature When 3 or more Bonus Symbols land during the Base Game, the Free Spins Feature is triggered. • 3 Bonus Symbols trigger the Free Spins Feature • 4 Bonus Symbols trigger the Free Spins Feature with a starting reel multiplier of x5 • 5 Bonus Symbols trigger the Free Spins Feature with a starting reel multiplier of x10 During the Free Spins Feature, the only symbols available to land are Fish Symbols, Fisherman Symbols, Boat Symbols, Boost Symbols and Dud Symbols. Above each reel, there is a Lock Meter and Multiplier Meter. The Free Spins Feature will start with reels 2 and 4 filled with the Net Symbols and all 3 lock positions filled on the Lock Meter. For each spin, a lock on the meter is removed. Once all the locks are removed from the meter, the Net Symbols will nudge down by 1 position for each spin. The Free Spins Feature continues as long as there are Net Symbols on the reels. During each spin, the Net Symbols may also land in stacks of 4 on the reels. The Fisherman Symbol works the same in the Free Spins Feature as in the Base Game - it collects all Instant Prizes on the reels when it lands in a Net Symbol, regardless of whether they are in a Net Symbol or not. If there are Fish Symbols in nets, these are paid out to the Net Symbol as well. Fish Symbols do not award line wins during the Free Spins Feature. Reel multipliers only apply to the Fish Symbols on the corresponding reel. All reel multipliers in the Multiplier Meter are applied before any Fish Symbols in nets are collected by the Fisherman Symbol. Boat Symbol In the Free Spins Feature, the Boat Symbol acts as a special symbol to add and lock Net Symbols. When a Boat Symbol lands on a reel, its effect depends on the state of the Lock Meter and the presence of Net Symbols: • When the Lock Meter is inactive and no Net Symbols are present; the meter is activated with 3 active locks and the reel is filled with Net Symbols. • When the Lock Meter is inactive and Net Symbols are already present; the meter is activated with 3 active locks and the rest of the reel is filled with Net Symbols. • When the Lock Meter is already active; it resets to 3 active locks. Boost Symbol The Boost Symbol is only available during the Free Spins Feature. The Boost Symbol increases the reel multiplier in the Multiplier Meter above the reel by 1 step. Boost Symbols are activated before any wins are evaluated. Dud Symbol The Dud Symbol is only available during the Free Spins Feature. The Dud Symbol is a symbol with no value. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base Bet by pressing the '-' or '+' buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: • 3 Bonus Symbols for Free Spins Feature for 70x your Base Bet. 94.38% RTP. • 4 Bonus Symbols for Free Spins Feature with a starting reel multiplier of x5 for 214x your Base Bet. 94.32% RTP. • 5 Bonus Symbols for Free Spins Feature with a starting reel multiplier of x10 for 367x your Base Bet. 94.30% RTP. • Random Bonus Symbols for Free Spins Feature with Initial Multiplier for 180x your Base Bet. 94.30% RTP. The Bonus Buy feature offers different game modes. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. RTP: 94.34% Push Bet Activating Push Bet mode = 1.2x of your Base Bet, and increases the chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature. RTP 94.32%. The Push Bet can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the toggle above the available bets. When using the Push Bet, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Total Bet amount. The Push Bet can be deactivated at the end of a game round. Activating Push Bet mode, will change symbols on the reels to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. When the game is in autoplay, the autoplays must be switched off first to deactivate the Push Bet. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. Last modification date: 10/28/2025