Fish n Nudge Fish 'n' Nudge is a 5-reel slot game with 4 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Start button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively, starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines, except Scatters. Scatter wins are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Bet Selection When a bet is selected, the symbols on the reels change to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. Scatter Symbol The Bonus Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. When 3 or more Bonus Symbols land on the reels, the Free Spins Feature is triggered. Net Symbol The Net Symbols are an overlay. These appear on the reels in stacks of 4 symbols and can land anywhere in both the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. After all wins are evaluated and the spin button is pressed again, the Net Symbols will nudge down by 1 position while all the reels spin. This process will be repeated until there are no more Net Symbols on the reels. Fisherman Symbol The Fisherman Symbol is a Wild Symbol that substitutes for all other paying symbols except for the Bonus Symbol and the Net Symbol. The Fisherman Symbol is also an Instant Prize collector. When the Fisherman Symbol lands on a Net Symbol, the Fisherman Symbol will collect the Instant Prize values attached to the Fish Symbols that are in view. Fish Symbol The Fish Symbols are paying symbols with Instant Prizes attached to them. Matching a minimum 3 of a kind consecutively from the leftmost reel will award line wins. The Instant Prize value attached to the Fish Symbol is awarded when the Fish Symbol lands in a Net Symbol. The Instant Prize value for the Fish Symbol will be awarded when the Fisherman Symbol lands in a Net Symbol, regardless of whether the Fish Symbol also lands in the Net Symbol or not. When the Fish Symbol and the Fisherman Symbol land in a Net Symbol, the Fish Symbol Instant Prize will be awarded even after being collected by the Fisherman Symbol. These values are: 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x and 1000x. Free Spins Feature When 3 or more Bonus Symbols land on the reels during the Base Game, the Free Spins Feature is triggered. • Landing 3 Bonus Symbols will start the Free Spins Feature with x1 Initial Multiplier • Landing 4 Bonus Symbols will start the Free Spins Feature with a x10 Initial Multiplier • Landing 5 Bonus Symbols will start the Free Spins Feature with a x25 Initial Multiplier The Free Spins Feature will start with reels 2 and 4 filled with the Net Symbols. For each spin, the Net Symbols will nudge down by 1 position. For each Nudge the multiplier increases by 1. The multiplier is only applied to the Fish Symbol Instant Prize wins. As long as there are Net Symbols on the reels, the Free Spins will continue. Any additional Net Symbols that land will also nudge by 1. The final nudge down will not increase the total multiplier. The Free Games Feature is only complete when there are no Net Symbols on the reels. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Total bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base Bet by pressing the '-' or '+' buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: • Free Spins Feature with 3 Scatter Symbols and Initial Multiplier of x1 for 42.8x your base bet. 94.43% RTP. • Free Spins Feature with 4 Scatter Symbols and Initial Multiplier of x10 for 89x your base bet. 94.81% RTP. • Free Spins Feature with 5 Scatter Symbols and Initial Multiplier of x25 for 166x your base bet. 94.51% RTP. • Free Spin Feature with a random number of Scatter Symbols for 100x your base bet. 94.50% RTP Base Bet The Base Bet is the Total bet selected for each new spin or game round. Push Bet Activating Push Bet mode will raise your Base Bet by 20%, increasing the chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature. The Push Bet can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the toggle above the available bets. The switch will be displayed in green when the Push Bet is active. The switch will be shown in grey when the Push Bet is inactive. Activating Push Bet mode, will change symbols on the reels to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. The Push Bet can be deactivated at the end of a game round. When the game is in Autoplay, the Autoplays must be switched off to deactivate the Push Bet. When using the Push Bet, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Push Bet amount. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) without using the Push Bet is 94.28%. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) using the Push Bet is 94.31%. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/23/2025