Mystery Musesum Mystery Museum is a 5-reel slot game with 3 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the Bet button and select a bet. To play a game, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the Autoplay button, and select the number of game rounds to play. The Stop Autoplay button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game are played through quickly. Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled in the Settings menu. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game, press the Skip button, if available. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively from leftmost to right along a win line. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbol The Wild Samurai Symbol is a Wild Symbol that substitutes for all other symbols. Scatter Symbol The Wild Samurai Symbol is also a Scatter Symbol. If 3 or more Wild Samurai Symbol land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Mystery Stack Symbol Mystery Stacks can land on the reels in any position. Landing 3 or more Mystery Stacks in the Base Game will nudge the Mystery Stacks to fill the respective reel and turn gold. This happens after any winning combinations are paid. They then all reveal any paying symbols except for the Wild Samurai Symbol. Once all the Mystery Stacks nudge and fill up their respective reels, the middle position of the Mystery Stack will spin through all the symbols and land a specific symbol which will be the same for all the Mystery Stacks. All Mystery Stack positions will then convert to the specific symbol that has landed and wins are paid. Mystery Stacks will reward wins on all 10 win lines, regardless of whether symbols match consecutively left to right. When the Mystery Stacks nudge and reveal, each win line will pay out using only the symbols revealed by the mystery stacks and they will pay anywhere on the win line. When the left to right payout for any win line exceeds this payout, the left to right payout will be awarded instead. Free Games Feature If 3 or more Wild Samurai Symbol land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. - 3 Wild Samurai Symbols trigger 8 Free Spins; - 4 Wild Samurai Symbols trigger 10 Free Spins; - 5 Wild Samurai Symbols trigger 12 Free Spins; During the Free Games Feature, any Mystery Stack that lands will nudge to fill their respective reel and reveal any paying symbols except for the Wild Samurai Symbol. The Mystery Stacks will remain on the reels for the duration of the Free Games Feature. When a minimum of 1 Mystery Stack lands, the Mystery Stack will nudge and fill up their respective reel. The Mystery Stack will reveal a symbol on each spin. All Mystery Stack positions will reveal the same symbol. When there is 3 or more Mystery Stack on the reels, the Mystery Stacks will turn to gold. A symbol will then be revealed each spin for the remainder of the Free Games Feature spins. Symbols revealed from the Mystery Stack will reward wins on all 10 win lines, regardless of whether symbols match left to right. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the total bet. Bonus Buy By clicking the Bonus Buy button (The star icon in the bottom corner of the screen) you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Games Feature. You can reduce or increase your base bet by pressing the - or + buttons. If you click the Buy button, you will have the option to buy the bonus by clicking Ok, which will start the Free Games Feature and will deduct the total Feature Cost from your balance. If you click Cancel you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: Free Games Feature with 3 Wild Samurai Symbols for 96.5x your base bet., Free Games Feature with 4 Wild Samurai Symbols for 216x your base bet., Free Games Feature with 5 Wild Samurai Symbols for 408x your base bet., Free Games Feature with a random number of Wild Samurai Symbols for 195.5x your base bet. Base Bet The Base Bet is the total bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. Last modification date: 9/30/2025