Iron Phoenix Iron Phoenix is a 5 x 3 reel set with 20 lines. It features an additional reel above reels 2, 3, and 4 that pays instant Cash Values, Scatter Symbols, and Jackpots. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the available bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively along a win line, starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines except for Phoenix Reel wins. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current Base Bet configuration based on the Base Bet per line. Symbols Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol is a symbol that substitutes for all other symbols except the Phoenix Symbol and Scatter Symbol. Phoenix Symbol The Phoenix Symbol can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. No more than one Phoenix Symbol can land on each reel. When Three Phoenix Symbols land, the amount displayed on the Phoenix Reel is awarded. Jackpot Symbol The Jackpot Symbol is a symbol with an instant prize value attached to it. These values are visible at all times. The Jackpot values are Base Bet multipliers, and their values are: Mini - x10 Minor - x50 Major - x200 Mega - x1000 Land a Jackpot Symbol on the Phoenix Reel to win the corresponding Jackpot. Jackpots are available during Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. Features Phoenix Reel Feature The Phoenix Reel is positioned above reels 2, 3 and 4. Landing Phoenix Symbols on Base Game reels 2, 3 and 4 will result in the number displayed on the Phoenix Reel being awarded to the player. The Phoenix Reel can land Cash Values, Jackpots or Three Scatter Symbols. Once the spin is complete, the game will resume. When the Phoenix Reel is inactive, the Phoenix Reel will remain spinning, displaying the potential amounts that can be awarded. The following values can be awarded: x3, x4, x5, x8, x20, x100 Multipliers are displayed as Cash Values. Scatter Symbol The Scatter Symbol can land on any reel in the Base Game. The Free Spins Feature is triggered when 3 or more Scatter Symbols land in the Base Game. 3 Scatters on the Phoenix Reel can combine with Scatters on reels 1 and 5 in the Base Game to award Free Spins. The number of spins awarded depends on the following: 3 Scatters award 10 Free Spins 4 Scatters award 15 Free Spins 5 Scatters award 20 Free Spins Scatter Symbols and Phoenix Symbols cannot land on the same reel at the same time. During Free Spins, Scatters can only land on the Phoenix Reel, awarding +1, +2, +3, +4 or +5 spins. Free Spins Feature During the Free Spins feature, 3 Phoenix Reels are displayed. Landing a Phoenix Symbol on reels 2, 3 or 4 will result in winning the amount currently displayed on the corresponding Phoenix Reel when the spin finishes. When the Phoenix reels are inactive, they will slowly spin, displaying the list of available prizes. During the Free Spins feature, a progression bar is displayed. When a Phoenix Symbol lands, it is collected into the Progression Bar, and a segment of the bar is filled. 4 Phoenix Symbols are required to trigger each new level and award the following: Level 1 4 extra Free Spins Level 2 4 extra Free Spins Level 3 4 extra Free Spins Level 4 x10 Multiplier and 4 extra Free Spins Multipliers are only applied to Phoenix Reel and Jackpot wins. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration based on the Base Bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base bet by pressing the "+" or "-" buttons. If you click the Buy button, you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: Random Bonus Symbols for 65x of your Base Bet. 94.23% RTP Push Bet Push Bet = 2x of your Base Bet, and increases the chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature. RTP 94.01%. The Push Bet can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the toggle above the available bets. The switch will be displayed in green when the Push Bet is active. The switch will be shown in grey when the Push Bet is inactive. When using the Push Bet, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Total Bet amount. The Push Bet can be deactivated at the end of a game round. When the game is in autoplay, the autoplays must be switched off first to deactivate the Push Bet. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player’s account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.27%. Different reel configurations are used depending on the progression in the Free Spins Feature. Last modification date: 11/26/2025