MGM Mysteries of Luxor Mysteries of Luxor is a 5-reel slot game with 3 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively, starting from the leftmost reel. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines except for instant prizes. Instant prizes are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Symbols Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol is a symbol that substitutes for all other symbols except the Mystery Stack Symbol, Instant Prize Symbol, and Bonus Symbol. Bonus Symbol The Bonus Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. When 3 or more Bonus Symbols land anywhere, the Free Spins Feature is triggered. Mystery Stack Symbol The Mystery Stacks are mystery symbols that can land on any position on the reels. Landing 3 or more Mystery Stacks in the Base Game will nudge them to fill the respective reel and turn gold. Mystery Stacks can reveal any regular paying symbol or a Golden Lion Symbol (excludes Wild and Scatter symbols). Once all the Mystery Stacks nudge and fill up their respective reels, the centre of the Mystery Stack will spin through all the symbols and land a specific symbol. Each Mystery Stack will reveal the same symbol type. When a regular paying symbol is selected, all Mystery Stack positions will convert to the specific symbol that has landed, and wins are paid. 3 or more Mystery Stacks will award wins on all 10 win lines, regardless of whether symbols match consecutively left to right. When the Mystery Stacks nudge and reveal, each win line will award a win using only the symbols revealed by the Mystery Stacks, and they will award a payout anywhere along the win line. When a prize in the leftmost winline exceeds the Mystery Stacks payout, it will overrule the Mystery Stacks payout and award the highest prize instead. When there is a win line prize evaluation before the Nudge and Reveal Feature, all win lines during the Nudge and Reveal Feature must include the randomly selected reveal symbol. Golden Lion Symbol When the Mystery Stack reveals the Golden Lion Symbol during the Base Game or Free Spins Feature, the Luxor's Treasure Feature is triggered. Instant Prize Symbols The Instant Prize Symbol is a Base Bet multiplier that can land during the Luxor's Treasure Feature. The Instant Prize Symbols available to land are x1, x2, x5, x10, x25, x50, x100, x250, x500, x1000. Multiplier Symbol The Multiplier Symbol is a Symbol that can land during the Luxor's Treasure Feature. When the Multiplier Symbol lands, it will multiply the value of all Instant Prize Symbols and Collector Symbols on the reels by the Multiplier Symbol’s value. The Multiplier Symbol is then removed from the reels. The empty position will spin through all of the possible prizes. The Multiplier values are: x2, x3, x5, x10, x20. Collector Symbol The Collector Symbol is a Symbol that can land during the Luxor's Treasure Feature. When the Collector Symbol lands, it collects the value of all other Instant Prize Symbols and transforms into an Instant Prize Symbol at the end of the current respin. All Instant Prize Symbols are removed from the reels when collected. The empty positions will spin through all of the possible prizes. Bonus Symbol Free Spins Feature is triggered by landing 3 or more Bonus Symbols on the reels during the Base Game. • 3 Bonus Symbols award 8 Free Spins • 4 Bonus Symbols award 10 Free Spins • 5 Bonus Symbols award 12 Free Spins The Bonus Symbol is only available during the Base Game. Features Luxor’s Treasure Feature When the Mystery Stack reveals the Golden Lion Symbol the Luxor’s Treasure Feature is triggered. During the Luxor’s Treasure Feature, each Mystery Stack position will spin through different prizes. The following Symbols can land: • Instant Prize Symbols • Bonus Symbols (Base Game only) • Multiplier Symbols • Collector Symbols Once the Luxor's Treasure Feature has concluded, the player is awarded an amount equal to the sum of all the Instant Prize and Collector Symbols’ values multiplied by their Base Bet amount. The Luxor's Treasure Feature can be triggered randomly on any spin during the Base Game. This feature anticipates during the spin. If successful, the feature guarantees a minimum of 2 Mystery Stacks. If unsuccessful, the spin resumes as usual. When 2 Mystery Stacks land, the Luxor's Treasure Feature will be triggered. When triggered, the Mystery Stacks will remain in their positions and each symbol position will land prizes. When there are 3 or more Mystery Stacks, the Luxor's Treasure Feature will be triggered. Once the feature is completed, the Mystery Stacks will nudge and fill up their respective reels. The centre of the Mystery Stack will spin through all the symbols and land a specific symbol. Each Mystery Stack will reveal the same symbol type. This happens after any winning combinations are paid. Bonus Popup A Bonus Popup will be triggered when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land on the reels during a spin. The Bonus Popup reveals the number of spins and the enhancements for the Free Spins Feature. The Free Spins Feature enhancements available are: • No Mystery Stacks • 1 Mystery Stack upon entering Free Spins • 2 Mystery Stacks upon entering Free Spins • 3 Mystery Stacks upon entering Free Spins Any Mystery Stacks awarded from the Bonus Popup will be placed on the initial spin of the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins Feature During the Free Spins Feature, any new Mystery Stacks that land will nudge to fill their respective reel and reveal any regular paying symbol or a Golden Lion Symbol. The Mystery Stacks will remain on the reels for the duration of the Free Spins Feature. Each new Mystery Stack that lands will award an additional free spin. When up to 2 Mystery Stacks are on the reels, they will reveal themselves without spinning through symbols. The Multiplier Meter will activate once there are 3 or more Mystery Stacks on the Reels. Mystery Stacks will randomly spin through and select a regular paying symbol or Golden Lion Symbol for each remaining Free Spin. Each time the Mystery Stacks reveals the same symbol, the multiplier associated with that symbol will be increased in the Multiplier Meter. The Multiplier Meter value is applied to the total win of the symbol that it represents. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature or Base Game Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base bet by pressing the "+" or "-" buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Push Bet Activating Push Bet mode will raise your Base Bet by 20%, increasing the chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature. The Push Bet can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the Push Bet option above the available bets. The Push Bet option and available bets will be highlighted when the Push Bet is active. Upon clicking or tapping the Push Bet option again, the option and the available bets will return to the inactive state. When using the Push Bet, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Push Bet amount. The Push Bet can be deactivated at the end of a game round. When the game is in autoplay, the autoplays must be switched off to deactivate the Push Bet. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the progression in the Free Spins Feature. Last modification date: 9/30/2025