Wild Swarm Triple Hive Wild Swarm Triple Hive is a 5-reel game with 4 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the available bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines, except Bet Multipliers. Bet Multipliers wins are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbols The Wild Honey and Sticky Wild Symbols are Wild Symbols that substitute for all other Paying Symbols, except the Chest Symbol. The Sticky Wild Symbol only appears during the Free Games Feature. Any Sticky Wild Symbols that land during the Free Games Feature will remain in their position until the Feature is complete. Collectible Bees During the Base Game, the Wild Honey Symbol may appear with a Collectible Bee. There are 4 types of Collectible Bees: • Red Knight Bee - Flies into and is collected by the Jackpot Hive for a chance to trigger the Jackpot Hive Feature. • Green Knight Bee - Flies into and is collected by the Multiplier Hive for a chance to trigger the Multiplier Hive Feature. • Yellow Knight Bee - Flies into and is collected by the Sticky Hive for a chance to trigger the Sticky Hive Feature. • Queen Bee - Flies into and is collected by a random Hive for a chance to trigger its corresponding Feature. The Queen Bee has a higher chance of triggering a Hive Feature than any other Collectible Bee. Wheel Feature The Wheel Feature is activated when the Chest Symbol lands anywhere on the reels. This can happen during the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. When activated, a segmented Wheel overlay will appear, It will spin and award a prize at the end of the sequence. During the Base Game, the Wheel Prizes include: • Bet Multiplier Prizes; • Jackpot Prizes: Mini, Minor, Maxi, Mega and Grand; • Jackpot Hive + Multiplier Hive trigger Prize; • Jackpot Hive + Sticky Hive trigger Prize; • Multiplier Hive + Sticky Hive trigger Prize; • Jackpot Hive + Multiplier Hive + Sticky Hive trigger Prize; • Random Hive Prize. Bet Multiplier Prize values are: x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x15, x30, x45, x60, x75, x90, x125, x150, x200, x250. The Jackpot Prizes will award the value of the Jackpot type that is landed on during the Feature. The Hive Prizes will award an instant trigger of the corresponding Free Spins Feature combination. The Random Hive Prize will award a guaranteed Random Free Spins Feature trigger. During the Free Spins Features, the Wheel Prizes include: • Extra Spins Prizes; • Sticky Wilds Reel Prizes; • Jackpot Tokens Prizes; • Jackpots Prizes: Mini, Minor, Maxi, Mega and Grand; • Bet Multiplier Prizes. The Extra Spins Prize awards additional Free Spins. Extra Free Spins Prize values are: 2, 3, 4, or 5. The Sticky Wilds Reel Prize fills a specific reel with Sticky Wild Symbols. The Jackpot Tokens Prize awards a random number of 2 to 5 Jackpot Tokens of the same type. This prize is exclusively available during the Jackpot Hive Feature or in any combination that includes the Jackpot Hive Feature. Jackpots Jackpot Prizes are available throughout the game and can be awarded via Wheel Feature, or a designated Jackpot Hive Feature including all possible Feature combinations. Jackpots are Bet Multipliers and they are the following: • Mini - x10; • Minor - x25; • Maxi - x50; • Mega - x100; • Grand - x1000. Free Spins Features When any Collectible Bee flies into and is collected by its corresponding Hive, the respective Free Spins Feature for that Hive has a chance to activate. Triggering any of the individual Free Spins Features will award 7 Free Spins. Filling a reel with Sticky Wild Symbols will award 1 Extra Spin. Jackpot Hive Feature Sticky Wilds land with a Jackpot Token attached to it. Jackpot Tokens will be collected towards their respective Jackpot Meter. Once a Jackpot Meter is filled, the associated Jackpot Prize will be awarded, and the Jackpot meter will reset. All Jackpots can be won multiple times. The Jackpot Meter values are: • Mini - 2 Mini Tokens; • Minor - 3 Minor Tokens; • Maxi - 4 Maxi Tokens; • Mega - 5 Mega Tokens; • Grand - 6 Grand Tokens. Multiplier Hive Feature Reel Multipliers are placed in the Free Spins Feature above reels 2, 3 and 4. The Reel Multiplier values are the following: • Reel 2 Multiplier - x2; • Reel 3 Multiplier - x4; • Reel 4 Multiplier - x8; Upon filling a reel that has a Reel Multiplier with Sticky Wilds, the Reel Multiplier value will apply to each Sticky Wild below that. Sticky Wild Multipliers are additive. Sticky Hive Feature Before the first Free Spin, 4 Sticky Wild Symbols will randomly land on the reels. Combo Hive Features Free Spins Features can be triggered when any combination of Collectible Bees is collected or via the Wheel Feature. Any combination of 2 Hive Features will award 10 Free Spins. A combination of all 3 Hive Features will award 12 Free Spins. Queen Bee The Queen Bee Symbol may land during any Hive Feature or combination of Features. Upon landing, it adds a random number of Sticky Wild Symbols to the reels, ranging from 1 to 4. The Queen Bee Symbol itself functions as a standard Sticky Wild. In the Jackpot Hive Feature, the Queen Bee Symbol cannot award Jackpot Tokens. However, the Sticky Wild Symbols added by the Queen Bee land with a Jackpot Token attached. Push Pots™ The Collection Pots in the game are purely for visual entertainment and do not influence the awarding of any Free Spins Feature. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player’s account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.33%. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the progression in the Free Spins Feature. Last modification date: 12/23/2025