Blaze of Ra GAME INFO Blaze of Ra is a 5-reel slot with 40 win lines, and 4 symbols per reel. Features includes Wild symbols, Free Games Bonus Feature, and Nudging Wilds Feature. How to Play To select a bet, press the Bet button and select a bet. To play a game, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Bet Selection When a bet is selected, the symbols on the reels change to the symbols that were on the reels at the end of the last game that was played at the selected bet. If a game has not been previously played at the selected bet, default symbols will appear on the reels. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the Autoplay button, and select the number of game rounds to play. The Stop Autoplay button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game are played through quickly. Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled in the Settings menu. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game, press the Skip button, if available. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively from leftmost to right along a win line. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbol The Ra symbol is a Wild symbol that substitutes for all other symbols, except Scarab. Nudging Wilds Feature The Nudging Wilds Feature is triggered when one or more Ra symbols appear in the top 2 symbol positions of one or more reels before the reels spin. These reels will nudge down by 2 symbol positions rather than spin, and all other reels will spin. After the spins and nudges are complete, the reels are evaluated for wins. Scatter Symbol The Scarab symbol is a Scatter symbol. If 3 or more Scarab symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Free Games Feature If 3 or more Scarab symbols land anywhere, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Each landed Scarab symbol reveals either 1 or 2 Free Games. The number of Free Games awarded is equal to the sum of values revealed by the Scarab symbols. During Free Games, the first, third, and fifth reels are always filled with Ra symbols, which are Wild symbols. During free games, if 1 or more Scarab symbols land anywhere, additional Free Games are awarded. The number of additional Free Games awarded is equal to the sum of values revealed by the Scarab symbols. When all Free Games have been played, the feature is over. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the total bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the Bonus Buy button (the star icon in the bottom corner of the screen) you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Games Feature for 100x your base bet. You can reduce or increase your base bet pressing the "-" or "+" buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Games Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Base Bet The base bet is the total bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. Last modification date: 9/4/2025