Power Vault Power Vault is a 3-reel slot game with 3 symbols per reel. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the Available Bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. All wins occur on win lines except for Instant Prizes. Instant Prizes are added to pay line wins. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. SYMBOLS Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol is a symbol that substitutes for all symbols except for the Coin Symbol, Jackpot Symbol and the Collector Symbol. The Wild Symbol is only available during the Base Game. Instant Prize Symbols The Instant Prize Symbol is a symbol with an Instant Prize value attached to it. These values are: x1, x2, x3, x5, x8, x10, x12, x20, x25. The Instant Prize Symbols may land on reels 1 and 3. The Instant Prize Symbols are available throughout the game. Jackpot Symbol The Jackpot Symbol is a symbol with an Instant Prize value attached to it. These values are seen at all times next to the reels. Jackpot Symbols can land on reels 1 and 3. The Jackpot values are Base Bet multipliers, and their values are: • Mini (x15) • Minor (x50) • Mega (x100) • Grand (x500) The Jackpot Symbols are available throughout the game. Collector Symbol The Collector Symbol is a Special Symbol that collects the Instant Prize or Jackpot Symbol values that are in view. Collector Symbols can only land on the 2nd reel in both Base and Bonus Games. When more than 1 Collector Symbol lands along with Instant Prize or Jackpot Symbols anywhere in view, the Instant Prize or Jackpot Symbol values will be collected towards all Collector Symbols. All Instant Prize Symbols are removed from the reels when collected, and a Dud Symbol is revealed behind them. Power Vault Burst Feature A trail of stars shoots from every Instant Prize Symbol, Jackpot Symbol, and Collector Symbol in view to the Power Vault above the reels for a chance to instantly trigger the Power Vault Burst Feature. Once triggered, the Instant Win, Jackpot and Collector Symbols burst from the Power Vault onto the reels to award the Bonus Game. Bonus Game When at least 1 Instant Prize Symbol or Jackpot Symbol is present on reels 1 and 3, along with the Collector Symbol on reel 2, the Bonus Game is triggered. The bonus feature starts with 3 spins. The Spins reset back to 3 when an Instant Prize Symbol or Collector Symbol lands in view. Enhancer Reels During the Bonus Game, an additional 1x3 Enhancer Reel is present above the main reels. Multiplier and Addition Symbols can land on the Enhancer Reels. Both Multiplier and Addition Symbols apply to all Instant Prize or Collector Symbols located below the reel where they appear. Multiplier Symbol The Multiplier Symbol can display the following values: x2, x3 and x5. When a Multiplier Symbol lands on reels 1 & 3 (Enhancer Reel), the Instant Win Symbols on the reels below are all multiplied before being added to all active Collector Symbols. Any Multiplier landing on reel 2 (Enhancer Reel) multiplies the values in all active Collector Symbols. Addition Symbol The Addition Symbol can display the following base bet multiplier values : x1, x2, x5, x10, x25, x50, x100 When an Addition Symbol lands on reels 1 & 3 (Enhancer Reel), the Instant Win Symbols on the reels below are increased by the Addition value before being added to all active Collector Symbols. An Addition Symbol on reel 2 (Enhancer Reel) adds the Addition value to all active Collector Symbols. Dud Symbol Dud Symbols don’t affect any other symbols on the reels. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. RTP - 94.58 Last modification date: 10/15/2025