Fat Santa GAME INFO Fat Santa is a 5-reel slot with 50 win lines, and 5 symbols per reel. Features include Wild symbols, Free Games Feature, and Santa’s Sleigh Feature. How to Play To select a bet, press the Bet button and select a bet. To play a game, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the Autoplay button, and select the number of game rounds to play. The Stop Autoplay button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game are played through quickly. Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled in the Settings menu. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game, press the Skip button, if available. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively from leftmost to right along a win line. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbols The Fat Santa Symbol is a Wild Symbol that substitutes for all other symbols. The Fat Santa symbol can only land on reel 1. The Christmas Pie Symbol and Wild Christmas Pie Symbol are Wild Symbols that substitutes for all other symbols, except the Fat Santa Symbol. Santa’s Sleigh Feature The Santa’s Sleigh Feature is triggered randomly whilst the reels are spinning. When the Santa’s Sleigh Feature is triggered, Santa’s sleigh may fly over the reels, leaving behind Christmas Pie symbols at random positions on the reels. These symbols lock in place, and act as wild. Reels then land, with any symbols landing underneath Christmas Pie symbols being replaced Christmas Pie by symbols. Free Games Feature When a Santa Symbol lands with one or more Wild Christmas Pie Symbols anywhere, the Free Game Feature is triggered. Initially, 5 Free Spins are awarded. The Santa Symbol will stay on the reels throughout the Free Games Feature. During the Free Games Feature if any Christmas Pie Symbols land, the Santa Symbol will move to the Christmas Pie Symbols and collect the Christmas Pie Symbol. The number of Christmas Pie Symbols collected will be added to the Christmas Pie meter on the screen. By filling the Christmas Pie meter the Santa Symbol will increase in size and additional spins will be awarded. The first time the meter is filled, it will award 3 additional spins, the second and third time will award 2 additional spins and the fourth time will award 1 additional spin. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the Bonus Buy button (the star icon in the bottom corner of the screen) you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Games Feature for 85x your base bet. You can reduce or increase your base bet pressing the “-” or “+” buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Games Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return the Bonus Buy page. Base Bet The Base Bet is the total bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.15%. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) of the Bonus Buy is 94.20%. The maximum payout per game round is 11,322.76x the current bet amount. Last modification date: 12/16/2025