New York New York GAME INFO New York New York is a 5-reel slot game with 3 symbols per reel with 10 winlines in a base game, and 20 winlines during the Free Spins Feature. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the available bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines except for Jackpot and Instant Prize Symbols. Jackpot and Instant Prize wins are added to pay line wins or equivalent. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current Base Bet configuration, based on the Base Bet per line. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol is a symbol that substitutes for all other paying symbols except for the Instant Prize Symbols, Jackpot Symbols, Collector Symbols and Bonus Symbols. Instant Prize Symbol The Instant Prize Symbol is a bet multiplier. It can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. These values are: x1, x2, x5, x10, x25, x100, x250. Instant Prize Symbols are available during the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. Jackpot Symbol The Jackpot Symbol is a symbol with an Instant Prize value attached to it. These values are seen at all times above the reels. Jackpot Symbols can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. The Jackpot values are Base Bet multipliers, and their values are: • Mini (5x) • Minor (20x) • Major (50x) • Mega (500x) • Grand (2000x) Jackpot Symbols are available during the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. Statue of Liberty Symbol The Statue of Liberty Symbol is a Collector Symbol and can only land on reels 1 and 5 during the Base Game and the Free Spins Feature. When the Statue of Liberty Symbol lands alongside Instant Prize Symbols or Jackpot Symbols, it will collect any Instant Prize and Jackpot Symbol values. When the Statue of Liberty Symbol lands with a multiplier attached to it, the multiplier value will be applied to any value collected. The multiplier values that can appear on the Statue of Liberty during the Base Game are: x1, x2, x3, x4 and x5. 2 Statue of Liberty Symbols may land at any point. When this happens along with Instant Prize Symbols or Jackpot Symbols, each Statue of Liberty Symbol will collect the values attached to them and apply the corresponding multipliers, if available. Bonus Symbol The Free Spins Feature is activated when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land on the reels. • 3 Bonus Symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with a starting x1 Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier. • 4 Bonus Symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with a starting x3 Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier. • 5 Bonus Symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with a starting x5 Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier. Free Spins Feature The Free Spins Feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Symbols land in the Base Game. The Free Spins Feature has a 5x5 reel set. Statue of Liberty Symbols that land during the Free Spins will be collected towards the Progression meter next to the reels. When a new level is reached, additional Free Spins and a Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier is awarded. • Level 1 - awards 5 additional Free Spins and a x2 Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier. • Level 2 - awards 5 additional Free Spins and a x3 Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier. • Level 3 - awards 5 additional Free Spins and a x4 Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier. • Level 4 - awards 5 additional Free Spins and a x5 Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier. The Statue of Liberty Symbol multiplier will multiply any Instant Prize and Jackpot Symbols. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Bonus Buy By pressing or clicking on the button, you will be presented with the option to buy the Free Spins Feature. You can reduce or increase your Base Bet by pressing the '-' or '+' buttons. If you click the Buy button you will have the option to confirm you wish to buy the bonus by clicking or pressing the Ok button, which will start the Free Spins Feature and will deduct the total stated Feature Cost from your balance, or if you click the Cancel button you will return to the Bonus Buy page. Bonus Buy Options: • Random Bonus Symbols for 77x your Base Bet. 94.35% RTP. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Push Bet Push Bet mode = x1.2 of your Base Bet, and increases the chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature. RTP 94.35%. The Push Bet can be activated or deactivated by clicking or tapping the toggle above the available bets. When using the Push Bet, wins are evaluated respectively of the Base Bet amount and not the Total Bet amount. The Push Bet can be deactivated at the end of a game round. When the game is in autoplay, the autoplays must be switched off first to deactivate the Push Bet. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player’s account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.32%. Last modification date: 2/11/2026