Olympus Unleashed Olympus Unleashed is a 5 reel slot game with 5 symbols per reel and up to 50 win lines. How to Play To select a bet, press the button and select a bet among the available bets. To start a game round, press the Spin button. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Autoplay To play a number of game rounds in succession, press the button, and select the number of game rounds to play. To start playing the chosen number of game rounds press the Spin button. The Spin button displays the number of Autoplays remaining and when pressed cancels Autoplay. Turbo Mode Turbo Mode may be enabled or disabled by pressing the button. When Turbo Mode is enabled, certain animations during a game round are played through quickly. Quick Play To skip certain animations during a game round, press anywhere on the screen. Alternatively, press the keyboard space bar. Payout Rules A line win is awarded when a number of instances of the same symbol appear consecutively starting from the leftmost reel. Only one line win may be awarded on a single win line. The highest line win value is always awarded. All wins occur on win lines. Wins on separate win lines are added. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the bet per line. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol substitutes for all other paying symbols. The Wild Symbol can land with a multiplier attached to it. The possible values of the multiplier are the following: x2, x3 and x5. The multipliers are addable if more than one Wild Symbol with the multiplier is part of a single win line. Power-Up Symbol The Power-Up Symbol is available during the Base Game and the Unleashed Feature. Each position containing a Power-Up Symbol will spin through different Feature Symbols. During the Base Game, the Feature Symbols available are the following: • Expand Symbol, • Surround Symbol, • Upgrade Symbol. During the Unleashed Feature, the Feature Symbols available are the following: • Expand Symbol, • Surround Symbol, • Upgrade Symbol, • Shift Symbol, • Additional Row Symbol. After any Power-Up Feature Symbol is applied, the Power-Up Symbol will transform into a High Paying Symbol. Expand Feature During the Base Game, when the Expand Symbol lands, all of the High Paying Symbols will spin through inside the Expand Symbol position. After selecting a High Paying Symbol, all symbols on the reel where the Expand Symbol appears will transform into matching High Paying Symbols. If the symbol on the reel is a Wild Symbol, it remains unchanged. If the Expand Symbol lands on the first reel while expanding, it can override the Wild Symbol. During the Unleashed Feature, when the Expand Symbol lands, all unoccupied positions on that reel will be occupied by the High Paying Symbols. Surround Feature During the Base Game, when the Surround Symbol lands, all of the High Paying Symbols will spin through inside the Surround Symbol position. When a High Paying Symbol is selected, all surrounding symbols will change into matching High Paying Symbols. Any Wild Symbols on the reel remain unchanged. During the Unleashed Feature, when the Surround Symbol lands, all surrounding unoccupied positions will be occupied by the High Paying Symbols. Upgrade Feature During the Base Game, when the Upgrade Symbol lands, all of the High Paying Symbols will spin through inside the Upgrade Symbol position. The Upgrade Symbol upgrades the active High Paying Symbol, increasing the payout value. Up to 2 upgrades are possible for each High Paying Symbol. Each payout level is visually different from the others. The values that they represent are available in the in-game paytable. Shift Feature The Shift Symbol moves all symbols on the reels to the left by one position. Additional Row Feature The Additional Row Symbol adds one row to the bottom of the grid, which is pre-filled with High Paying Symbols. Up to 3 Additional Row Symbols can apply during one Unleashed Feature round. After the Unleashed Feature ends, the grid reverts to 5 rows. Unleashed Feature The Unleashed Feature is triggered when 5 High Paying Symbols of the same type land or the Expand Symbol lands on the leftmost reel. Once triggered, all High Paying Symbols of the type that activated the Feature, along with any Wild Symbols on the reels, will stay in their positions and transfer to the Unleashed Feature. When the Unleashed Feature is activated, the stack of High Paying Symbols is locked in place throughout the Feature. During the Unleashed Feature, each empty symbol position will spin through to land on one of the following symbols: • High Paying Symbol - of the type that activated the Feature, • Wild Symbol, • Power-Up Symbol, • Blank Symbol. Each symbol that lands will remain in its position throughout the Feature. The Wild Symbol behaves the same way as in the Base Game Feature. The Power-Up Symbol will spin through the available Feature Symbols when it lands on the reels, awarding one of them. Blank Symbols do not stick to the grid and do not pay out any prizes. The Unleashed Feature starts with 3 spins. When any non-blank symbol lands during a spin in the Unleashed Feature, the counter is increased by one extra free spin. The Unleashed Feature is completed when no more spins are remaining. Once all the spins have concluded, all wins are evaluated. The Unleashed Feature will be auto-completed when no more positions are available to land a symbol. Paytable The paytable reflects the current bet configuration, based on the Base Bet. Base Bet The Base Bet is the bet selected for each new spin or game round. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 48 hours. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Where an incomplete game cannot be resolved, the stake will be returned to the player. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.36%. The maximum payout per game round is 2040x the current bet amount. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the progression in the Unleashed Feature. Last modification date: 11/18/2025