Rambo Game objective: The Rambo is a five-reel, twenty-paylines slot game with a ”Rambo” feature that awards additional spins. The game also features an expanding wild “Rambo” logo symbol. The “Rambo” logo symbol substitutes for all symbols other than the scattered Rambo symbol. 3 or more scattered Rambo symbols triggers the Rambo feature game. top Game information: You can bet on up to twenty lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the Up-arrow button or Down-arrow button available to the right side of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 5.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the Up-arrow button or Down-arrow button available to the left side of the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 20 lines and EUR 50.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'Game Rules' button on the bottom left of the screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button on the 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the game rules screen or the main console screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Rambo symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown on the right of the reels, at the end of each winning line. Rambo Feature Game: The Rambo feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Rambo symbols appear anywhere in view. The game screen will change, and the 'Free Spin' feature game screen will open up which will award free spins & multipliers. On completion of the 'Free Spin' feature, the main game screen is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the Up-arrow and Down-arrow buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDIT'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDIT' and 'TOTAL BET'. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDIT' and 'TOTAL BET'. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom middle of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP PLAY' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules: All symbols pay left to right only, except the scattered Rambo symbol which pays anywhere in view. 3 or more Rambo Scatter symbols anywhere in view triggers the 'Rambo' free spins feature game. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline prizes are multiplied by the bet per payline amount. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected, except the scatter symbols which pay anywhere in view. Rambo logo wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4. The Rambo Logo wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scattered Rambo symbol. Whenever Rambo logo wild acts as a substitute to make a pay line win, it will expand to fill the reel it lands on to make it completely wild. Wild functionality will be applicable on top, middle and bottom positions also on the reel. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. top Features: Free spin play: 3 or more Rambo scatter symbols anywhere in view triggers Rambo free spin feature game. Game screen will change & a feature screen will appear. Destroy a watch tower to win some spins. Pick up some POWs by selecting a hut to gain bonus multipliers. All free spins are played with the same number of lines and the same bet per line as the triggering spin. Free spins feature uses different reel strips. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the bonus multiplier obtained. During free spins you can win extra spins and multipliers. Rambo symbol can appear anywhere only on Reel 4 during free spins & awards random number of extra free spins when it appears. Col. Trautman symbol appears anywhere only on Reel 5 during free spins & awards a random extra multiplier which will be added to the current multiplier and the new multiplier will be applicable from next spin onwards till more multiplier is obtained. Same rule applies every time an additional multiplier is won. top Paytable Click on the PAYTABLE button in the main game and the game will navigate to the PAYTABLE screen. In the PAYTABLE screen, the game rules screen can be displayed by clicking the VIEW GAME RULES button. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.296% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the feature round, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017