Raptor Island Game Objective The Raptor Island Slot is a five-reel, twenty-paylines slot game with a feature that awards more wins. The game also features a wild "Trex" logo symbol. The "Trex" logo symbol substitutes for all symbols other than the scattered Egg symbol. 3 or more scattered Egg symbols anywhere in view triggers the feature game. top Game Information You can bet on up to twenty lines. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking on the Left arrow button on the right of 'LINES' indicator. The number of lines can be increased again by clicking on the Right arrow button on the right of 'LINES' indicator. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines remain dark (not lit). Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 5.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the left-arrow button or right-arrow button available in the BET area. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 20 lines and EUR 50.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'Rules' button on the bottom left of the screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the game rules screen or the main console screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Egg symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown on the right of the reels, at the end of each winning line. Feature Game: The feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Egg symbols appear anywhere in view. The game screen will change, and the feature game screen will open up. The main game screen is restored to its previous state once the bonus game has been completed. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the Left-arrow and Right-arrow buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' and 'TOTAL BET'. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' and 'TOTAL BET'. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. If your game balance falls below the last bet placed, the system will automatically decrease the bet amount allowing you to continue playing. If your game balance falls below the minimum allowed bet (EUR 0.01), the 'Buy-in' window will pop up, allowing you to buy credits in from your bwin account. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Pays 1 to 20 Lines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All symbols pay left to right only, except the scattered Egg symbol which pays anywhere in view. 3 or more Scattered Egg symbols anywhere in view triggers the feature game. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline prizes are multiplied by the bet per payline amount. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected, except the scatter symbols which pay anywhere in view. The Trex logo wild symbol appears only on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. The Trex Logo wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scattered Egg symbol. The Trex wild symbol works only in conjunction with other symbols except the scattered Egg. The prize is doubled for each Trex Logo wild symbol substituting in a winning combination. Two Trex Logo wild symbols quadruple the prize and three Trex Logo wild symbols multiply the prize by eight times. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. top Features Feature game play: 3 or more scattered Egg symbols anywhere in view triggers feature game. Game screen will change & a feature screen will appear. When the Feature game screen is displayed, you must select one island after the other. A Pteranodon flies over the sea above islands. You should pick an island for the Pteranodon dino to land on it. After an island is picked it will find eggs in a nest. Each nest is worth a 'random' amount. The player gets to pick 6 nests to win an accumulated total from all 6. The total feature win amount is based on a random multiplier, multiplied by the total bet The feature win amount is added to any payline and scatter prizes already won. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.844% Click on PAY TABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to PAY TABLE screen. In PAY TABLE screen, on selection of RULES button, game rules screen will be displayed. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will complete the game. Log back in and you will be able to find out the result from your game logs by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button. You can also find out the result from your bwin account balance. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. If you get disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete the feature when you log back in. You can resume playing the same game or play any other game of your choice after completing the feature round. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays top Last modification date: 1/31/2017