J Mania Maniac J Mania Maniac is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot featuring Free Games and J Mania Rising. The game is played with 50 lines. All reels are in play at all times. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only, except for wins with Scatter and Prize. Scatter and Prize pay in any position. Wild text symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Prize. WILD Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter and Prize symbols. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the Paytable. J MANIA RISING 4 or more Prize symbols appearing anywhere in the main game or Free Games activate the Bonus. Any win combinations are first paid before playing the Bonus. During the Bonus, the normal reels are replaced with special reels containing only Prize symbols and empty spaces. 3 respins are awarded. Any Prize symbols that land, hold their positions, and all remaining reels respin. Any Prize symbols that land in an unlocked row after each respin, hold their positions until the end of the Bonus and the respins reset to 3. Locked rows 5, 6, 7, and 8 are added above the array. 8 or more PRIZE symbols appearing in unlocked rows will unlock row 5. 12 or more PRIZE symbols appearing in unlocked rows will unlock row 6. 16 or more PRIZE symbols appearing in unlocked rows will unlock row 7. 20 or more PRIZE symbols appearing in unlocked rows will unlock row 8. The Bonus ends when there are no more respins remaining, or when all positions are filled with Prize symbols. The values shown on all the Prize symbols in unlocked rows are then paid. At the end of the Bonus, the total win from the Bonus is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus. At the end of the Bonus, the game returns to the round that activated the Bonus. FREE GAMES 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere in the main game award a win according to the paytable and award 10 Free Games. During Free Games, any Prize that lands awards the prize shown. Additional Free Games won are automatically added to the current Free Games. Free Games are played at the same value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 50x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). The Buy Feature may not be available at all bet levels. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.36%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.32%. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 94.32% Last modification date: 10/7/2025