Fu Double Luck Diamond Explosion Fu Double Luck Diamond Explosion is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Free Games, Jackpot Pick Deluxe, and Explosion Free Games. The game is played with 50 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only, except for wins with Scatter and Prize. Scatter and Prize pay in any position. Logo symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Prize. WILD Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter and Prize. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the Paytable. JACKPOT PICK DELUXE During the base game or Free Games, Wild randomly triggers Jackpot Pick Deluxe. Any win combinations are first paid before playing the feature. 12 Pick symbols appear. Pick to reveal Mini, Minor, Major, or Grand. Multipliers may appear with each prize. Keep picking until 3 jackpot levels match, and award that jackpot level. All symbols are revealed at the end of the Jackpot Pick Deluxe, which is visualisation for illustrative purposes and does not reflect the real chance of winning a particular jackpot. If the picked jackpot level contains a multiplier, it awards that jackpot multiplied by the multiplier. At the end of the Jackpot Pick Deluxe, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. EXPLOSION FREE GAMES 6 or more Prize symbols in the base game activate Explosion Free Games. 6 or more Prize symbols and or Prize+Wild symbols in the Free Games activate Explosion Free Games. Any win combinations are first paid before playing the feature. Adjacent Prize symbols combine to form the biggest possible shape(s), as defined in the Paytable. The normal reels are replaced with special reels containing only Prize symbols and empty spaces. 5 Explosion Free Games are awarded. Any Prize symbol that lands after each Explosion Free Game will hold its position until the end of the feature. At the end of each Explosion Free Game, adjacent Prize symbols combine to form the biggest possible shape(s), as defined in the Paytable. The feature ends when there are no more Explosion Free Games remain or when all positions are filled with Prize symbols. Prize symbols (shapes) convert to a prize value or jackpot. The values shown on all the Prize symbols are then paid. At the end of the Explosion Free Games, the total win from the feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the feature. At the end of the Explosion Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. FREE GAMES 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere award 8 Free Games. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. At the start of each Free Game, a random reel is chosen where each symbol is both a Wild and a Prize symbol. During the Free Games, 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere award another 8 Free Games. Additional Free Games won are automatically added to the current Free Games. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the game will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.34%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.35%. HOW TO PLAY Spin / Stop Starts a game round at the Total Bet (alternatively, press the spacebar or ENTER key). Stops the reels during a spin. Autoplay Opens the autoplay configuration. Turbo Mode Enable / Disable the quick spin. Bet - / + Increases or decreases the Total Bet amount. WIN Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. CASH Displays the player's current balance. PAYTABLE Opens the info and paytable screens. Sound Enables or mutes the sound. Home Directs the player to the website's home URL. GAME RULES Opens the game rules. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/10/2026