Mad Hit Gorillatron Mad Hit Gorillatron is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Free Games and Wild Prize Drop. The game is played with 10 paylines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. FREE GAMES During the base game, 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols award 10, 15, or 20 Free Games, respectively. Scatter symbols do not appear during the Free Games. Prize symbols display values ranging from x2 to x2000. When a Wild symbol appears during the Free Games, it collects all Prize symbol values on the reels and pays out any winning combinations based on the paylines. If multiple Wild symbols appear, each Wild collects the total value of all Prize symbols on the reels. Each Wild symbol is collected by the progress meter above the reels. Every 4 Wild symbols collected activate an additional 10 Free Games and a multiplier that is applied to the values collected by the Wild symbols: The maximum number of Free Games in a single feature is 50. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of the Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. Multipliers in the Free Games apply only to the values collected by Wild symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WILD PRIZE DROP During the Free Games, if a single Wild symbol appears without any Prize symbols, the Wild Prize Drop feature may be activated randomly. When activated, at least 2 Prize symbols are guaranteed to appear randomly on the reels, and the Wild symbol collects their values. After collecting Prize symbol values, winning lines are evaluated and paid. If a multiplier is active during the Free Games, it applies to the values collected by the Wild symbol. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 60x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Last modification date: 8/19/2025