Christmas Fortune Christmas Fortune is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring a Super Jackpots Feature and Jackpot Mania. The game is played with 50 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only. Santa substitutes for all symbols except JACKPOT SYMBOL and SUPER JACKPOT SYMBOL. SUPER JACKPOT SYMBOL substitutes for JACKPOT SYMBOL. JACKPOT MANIA 6 or more JACKPOT SYMBOL activates JACKPOT MANIA. 3 respins are awarded. If one or more additional JACKPOT SYMBOL appear, the number of respins is reset to 3. Jackpot Mania ends when either no respins remain or all positions are JACKPOT SYMBOL. All prizes on JACKPOT SYMBOL are awarded. All prizes are in the currency of the bet. If all positions are JACKPOT SYMBOL, the GRAND is awarded. RETURN TO PLAYER The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.39% How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 94.39% Last modification date: 12/16/2025