Match Blitz Scatter Shock Match Blitz Scatter Shock is a 6-reel, 4-row video slot featuring Match Blitz feature, and Free Games. The game is played with 80 paylines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. WILD and STICKY WILD substitute for all symbols except SCATTER, STICKY SCATTER, and PRIZE. MATCH BLITZ The feature may be activated when the PRIZE symbol lands during the base game or Free Games. When a PRIZE symbol lands, its displayed value is added to the corresponding jackpot. Mini, Minor, and Major can grow up to 10 times their starting values, and Grand can grow up to 5 times its starting value. The starting jackpots are: Grand: x1000 Major: x200 Minor: x20 Mini: x10 Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. 12 Pick symbols appear. Pick to reveal Mini, Minor, Major, or Grand. Keep picking until 3 matching jackpots are revealed to win the corresponding jackpot. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. At the end of the feature, the jackpots reset to their starting values. Free Games During the base game, 5 or more SCATTER or STICKY SCATTER symbols landing on consecutive reels from the leftmost reel award a random number of Free Games. The same combinations during Free Games award a random number of additional spins. SCATTER and STICKY SCATTER symbols also award a payout equal to the number of such symbols landing on consecutive reels from the leftmost reel, ranging from 5х to 24х total bet. A minimum of 5 Free Games is awarded at the start of the feature. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. All STICKY SCATTER symbols that activate or reactivate Free Games turn into STICKY WILD symbols and remain in place for the entire Free Games. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of the Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased. The Buy Feature may not be available at all bet levels. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.33%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.35%. HOW TO PLAY Spin / Stop Starts a game round at the Total Bet (alternatively, press the spacebar or ENTER key). Stops the reels during a spin. Autoplay Opens the autoplay configuration. Turbo Mode Enable / Disable the quick spin (also available in autoplay popup). Bet - / + Increases or decreases the Total Bet amount. WIN Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. CASH Displays the player's current balance. PAYTABLE pens the info and paytable screens. Sound Enables or mutes the sound. Home Directs the player to the website's home URL. GAME RULES Opens the game rules. Game History Opens your rounds history. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Last modification date: 3/11/2026