Mad Hit Bearhaus Mad Hit Bearhaus is a 5-reel, 5-row video slot featuring Free Games, Jackpot Pick Deluxe, and Mad Hit Instant Pay. The game is played with 3125 ways. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute in a different position on the same reel, pays that ways win again. Simultaneous wins on different ways are added. All wins pay on ways only, except for wins with Prize symbols. Each of the 25 positions on the screen spins inidually. The central position (reel 3, middle) is the only position that Mad Hit can appear during the base game. MAD HIT Mad Hit symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Prize symbol. There is no other wild symbol. Mad Hit substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the paytable. During the base game, Mad Hit can appear only in the central position (third reel, middle position). During the Free Games, Mad Hit is fixed in the central position for the duration of the feature. Sometimes when Prize or Mad Hit symbols land out of sight, they might slide back onto the reels. JACKPOT PICK DELUXE During the base game or Free Games, a Jackpot appearing on a Prize symbol, together with a Mad Hit on the screen, will trigger the Jackpot Pick Deluxe. Jackpot Pick Deluxe can be triggered multiple times in a single spin during the base game and Free Games (for multiple Prize symbols with Jackpot on them). Any win combinations are paid after playing the Jackpot Pick Deluxe. 12 Prize symbols appear. Pick to reveal: Mini = 10x total bet, Minor = 15x total bet, Major = 50x total bet, or Grand = 500x total bet. Multipliers may appear with each prize. Keep picking until 3 jackpot levels match, and award that jackpot level. If the picked jackpot level contains a multiplier, it awards that jackpot multiplied by the multiplier. Multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x. At the end of the Jackpot Pick Deluxe, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. MAD HIT INSTANT PAY During the base game or Free Games, a Mad Hit occurring on the screen together with one or more Prize symbols with a credit value on it, will trigger the Mad Hit Instant Pay feature. Each Prize symbol will award its credit value once when a Mad Hit is present on the reels. During the base game, Mad Hit can appear only in the central position (third reel, middle position). During the Free Games, Mad Hit is fixed in the central position for the duration of the feature. Each Prize symbol can have a credit value from 0.5x to 50x the total bet. FREE GAMES During the base game, Prize symbols with a Free Games value on each and a Mad Hit landing on the reels, trigger the Free Games feature. When 3 or more Prize symbols land on the reels, Free Games might appear on the Prize symbols. Each Prize symbol can contain a value from 5 to 20 Free Games. The total number of Free Games awarded is the sum of all the Free Game values displayed on the Prize symbols on the screen. Mad Hit is fixed in the central position for the duration of the Free Games. Additional Free Games can be won during the feature each time a Prize symbol with a Free Games value on it appears on the reels. The total number of additional Free Games awarded is the sum of all Prize symbols with Free Games on the screen. Additional Free Games won are automatically added to the current Free Games. If the total number of Free Games reaches 100 spins or more, all subsequent Prize symbols display credit prizes only. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.34%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.33%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. HOW TO PLAY Spin / Stop Starts a game round at the Total Bet (alternatively, press the spacebar or ENTER key). Stops the reels during a spin. Autoplay Opens the autoplay configuration. Turbo Mode Enable / Disable the quick spin (also available in autoplay popup). Bet - / + Increases or decreases the Total Bet amount. WIN Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. CASH Displays the player's current balance. PAYTABLE Opens the info and paytable screens. Sound Enables or mutes the sound. Home Directs the player to the website's home URL. GAME RULES Opens the game rules. Game History Opens your rounds history. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Last modification date: 9/30/2025