Mad hit devil Mad Hit Devil is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot featuring the Mad Hit Instant Win, Mad Hit Collect and Win, and Mad Hit Collection features. The game is played with 5 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Mad Hit and Prize symbol. In the base game, only one feature can be activated at a time. WILD Wild substitutes for all symbols except for the Mad Hit and Prize symbols. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. MAD HIT INSTANT WIN The Mad Hit Instant Win feature is activated when at least one Mad Hit symbol lands on reel 2 together with one or more Prize symbols on reel 1 or 3. Each Prize symbol awards its credit value once for every Mad Hit symbol present on the reels. The Mad Hit symbol appears only on reel 2. The Prize symbol appears only on reels 1 and 3. Credit prizes range from 1x to 15x the total bet and include jackpots: Mini, Minor, Major, and Grand. MAD HIT COLLECT AND WIN The Mad Hit Collect and Win feature is activated when at least one Mad Hit symbol lands on reel 2 together with Prize symbols on both reels 1 and 3. The feature begins with 3 respins. During the feature, only Prize symbols and Mad Hit symbols can land on the reels. The Mad Hit symbol appears only on reel 2 and remains on the reel throughout the feature. Any new Mad Hit symbol that lands, remains on the reel during the feature. The Prize symbol appears only on reels 1 and 3. Every time a Mad Hit or Prize symbol lands on the reels, the number of respins resets to 3. Each Prize symbol awards its credit value once for every Mad Hit symbol on the reels. The Mad Hit symbols accumulate the credit values of all Prize symbols. The feature ends when no more spins remain. When the feature ends, the total value accumulated by all Mad Hit symbols is awarded as the total win. MAD HIT COLLECTION During the base game, any Prize or Mad Hit symbol on the reels may randomly activate the Mad Hit Collection feature. Upon activation, a random number of Prize and Mad Hit symbols are added to the reels. The feature then transitions directly into the Mad Hit Collect and Win feature. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate MAD HIT COLLECT AND WIN at any time. Buy Feature (MAD HIT COLLECT AND WIN) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 50x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). The Buy Feature may not be available at all bet levels. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Reality Check The Reality Check control displays how much time you have spent playing the game. Set the time interval by visiting ‘My Account' through the host’s website. The popup displays the amount of accumulated time spent in the game, from the moment the game is launched until the popup appears. The alert message will popup in the middle of the screen based on the defined time interval and will stay on the screen until choosing one of three actions: 1. Continue - Return to the game being played. 2. View History - Redirect players to the game history. All previous rounds can be seen and checked. 3. Quit Game - This will exit the game and return to the games lobby. Disconnection Only one instance of the login can be used. When the game is interrupted, upon recovery, it will resume from the point of the interruption and successfully complete the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information on the above-mentioned, refer to the gaming website. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. English term Translated term MAD HIT MAD HIT MAD HIT INSTANT WIN MAD HIT INSTANT WIN MAD HIT COLLECT AND WIN MAD HIT COLLECT AND WIN MAD HIT COLLECTION MAD HIT COLLECTION GRAND GRAND MAJOR MAJOR MINOR MINOR MINI MINI INCREDIBLE INCREDIBLE AMAZING AMAZING AWESOME AWESOME Last modification date: 8/21/2025