Go high Olympus Go High Olympus is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot featuring Free Games and Go High feature. The game is played with 50 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter and Prize symbols. Scatter wins are added to any other winning combinations payouts. Scatter and Prize symbols pay in any position. Malfunction void all pays and plays. WILD Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter and Prize symbols. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. GO HIGH 4 or more Prize symbols appearing anywhere in the base game or Free Games activate the Go High feature. Any win combinations are first paid before playing the feature. During the feature, the regular reels are replaced with special reels containing only Prize symbols and empty spaces. 3 respins are awarded. Any Prize symbols that land, hold their positions, and all remaining reels respin. Any Prize symbols that land in an open row after each respin, hold their positions until the end of the feature and the respins counter resets to 3. Locked rows 5, 6, 7, and 8 are added above the original 4 open rows. 8+ Prize symbols in open rows unlock row 5. 12+ Prize symbols in open rows unlock row 6. 16+ Prize symbols in open rows unlock row 7. 20+ Prize symbols in open rows unlock row 8. Prize symbols can appear with Jackpots: Mini = 20x total bet, Minor = 40x total bet, Major = 200x total bet, or Grand = 1000x total bet. The Go High feature ends when no more respins remain, or when all positions are held. The values shown on all the Prize symbols in open rows are paid at the end of the feature. At the end of Go High, the total win from the feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the feature. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. FREE GAMES 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere in the base game award a win according to the paytable and trigger the Free Games. When the Free Games are triggered, spin the wheel to determine how many Free Games (from 5 to 15) and what line multiplier (from x2 to x20) will be active. The line multiplier multiplies all line wins and 3+ Scatter symbol wins during the Free Games with the corresponding multiplier. The line multiplier does not apply to the Prize symbols and any Go High feature triggered. During the Free Games, each Prize symbol is awarded. During the Free Games, 3 or more Scatter symbols award the same amount of initial Free Games with the same line multiplier. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 50x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.30%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.29%. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Version: 1.0.0 Last modification date: 9/16/2025