Giga Match Phantasmal GAME RULES Giga Match Phantasmal is a 6-reel, 5-row video slot featuring Cascading Wins, Match Blitz feature, and Free Games. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. All reels are in play at all times. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. All symbols pay anywhere on the screen according to the Paytable. Simultaneous wins of different symbols are added. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. CASCADING WINS After every spin, if there are 8 or more identical symbols on the reels, a cascade sequence is triggered. The cascades repeat until there are no more non-SCATTER winning combinations. During a cascade sequence: All symbols in a winning combination are paid and then disappear from the reels. All other symbols remain on the reels. On each reel, all symbols, including new ones, directly above empty positions will cascade down to fill all empty positions. The SCATTER symbol does not initiate cascades or disappear from the reels. Any Free Games trigger, retrigger, and Match Blitz feature trigger occur after all cascades have been completed. MULTIPLIER The multiplier symbols may appear in both the base game and Free Games. They stay on the reels until the end of all cascades. The multiplier takes a random value: x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25, x50, x100, x250, or x500. If one or more multiplier symbols are present on the reels after all cascades are completed, the total win for the round is multiplied by the sum of all multiplier values. MATCH BLITZ The feature has a chance to trigger when two or more consecutive cascades occur on the same spin during the base game or Free Games. The Match Blitz prizes increase when two or more consecutive cascades occur on the same spin during the base game or Free Games. The ladder, located at the top left of the screen, displays the total accumulated increase. This amount is then distributed among the prizes according to the following table. Grand Major Minor Mini 89.688% 8.968% 0.896% 0.448% Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. The starting prizes are: Grand: x2000 Major: x200 Minor: x20 Mini: x10 Prizes can go up to 10 times the starting value. 12 Pick symbols appear. Pick to reveal Mini, Minor, Major, or Grand. Keep picking until 3 prizes match to win that prize. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. At the end of the feature, the prizes reset to their starting values. FREE GAMES 4 or more SCATTER symbols trigger 15 Free Games. 3 or more SCATTER symbols during the feature award 5 additional Free Games. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. The sum of all multipliers applied during Free Games is accumulated and continues to contribute to winnings throughout the feature. Once all cascades are complete: Any multiplier symbols on the reels are added to the accumulated multipliers from previous rounds. The total win for the round is then multiplied by the combined multiplier value. The total multiplier is only applied if at least one multiplier symbol is present on the reels. At the end of the Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.37%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.36%. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/15/2025