Immortal Ways Sweet Coin Immortal Ways Sweet Coin is a 6-reel video slot featuring Cascading Wins, two Immortal Arrays, Prize Wheels, and Free Games. The game is played with 10,000 Ways to Win with cascades. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute in a different position on the same reel, pays that ways win again. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only, except for SCATTERS where 3 or more pay in any position. WILD substitutes for all symbols except COIN, COIN WHEEL, and SCATTER. SCATTER and COIN can occupy the same position at the same time. CASCADING WINS After every spin, if a winning ways combination occurs, a cascade sequence is triggered. The cascades repeat until there are no more winning combinations. During a cascade sequence: Any new COIN WHEEL symbols that land, trigger the Prize Wheel before each cascade. All symbols in a winning combination are paid and then disappear from the reels. All other symbols remain on the reels. On each reel, all symbols, including new ones, directly above empty positions will cascade down to fill all empty positions. New COIN, COIN WHEEL, or SCATTER symbols might appear on the reels. The COIN, COIN WHEEL, and SCATTER symbols do not initiate cascades or disappear from the reels. Any Free Games trigger, retrigger, and Immortal Arrays payouts occur after all cascades have been completed. IMMORTAL ARRAY Reels 2 and 3 are the left Immortal Array. Reels 4 and 5 are the right Immortal Array. During a spin, COINS may contain the credit values or the COIN WHEEL symbol that triggers the Prize Wheel. The Prize Wheel occurs on reel 1 for the left Immortal Array, and on reel 6 for the right Immortal Array. During a spin or cascade, if a new COIN lands within an Immortal Array, all COINS within the Immortal Array remain for 3 spins. After the 3rd spin, if no new COINS land within the Immortal Array, all COINS will be reset. If one or more COINS with a Prize Wheel land, the wheel will randomly assign one of the following possible options for those COINS: Jackpot, credit value, multiplier, or Collect. If the Prize Wheel assigns a COIN with a multiplier: The multiplier will be applied to all credit values on all other COINS in the corresponding Immortal Array. The multipliers do not apply to Jackpot prizes. After applying to all the COINS with credit values within the Immortal Array, all multipliers are converted to credit values. For each multiplier, the corresponding credit value is the multiplier value times the total bet. During a cascade, if a new COIN with a multiplier lands within the Immortal Array, it will apply to all the COINS with credit values within the Immortal Array before a new cascade begins. If the Prize Wheel assigns a COIN with Collect: All prizes on all COINS in the corresponding Immortal Array are awarded. The Collect option on the Prize Wheel is only awarded during the base game. If a COIN with Collect appears on the reels, it will collect COINS only after all cascades are completed. Only one COIN with Collect can appear within an Immortal Array at a time. A COIN with Collect can only appear in an Immortal Array if there were other COINS during the previous spin or cascade. The Immortal Array is won at the end of the spin when one of the following occurs: All positions in the Immortal Array are filled with COINS. The Collect value has been awarded on the corresponding Prize Wheel. After the Immortal Array is won, all COINS in that Immortal Array will be reset. COINS within an Immortal Array can only be won once. FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols trigger 8 Free Games at the end of the spin that start with empty Immortal Arrays that are independent from the base game. Landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols during the Free Games award 8 additional Free Games. During the Free Games, each COIN can only be won once. All COINS that land within an Immortal Array during the Free Games, remain there until the Immortal Array is won or the Free Games feature ends. Any COINS remaining in any Immortal Array at the end of the Free Games are awarded. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 50x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/18/2025