J Mania Hot Asses GAME RULES J Mania Hot Asses is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot featuring J Mania. The game is played with 5 paylines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Malfunction void all pays and plays. J Mania J Mania may activate randomly during the base game when any PRIZE symbol appears. Multi J Mania, Double J Mania, Extra J Mania, or any combination of these features can be won: Extra J Mania – Awards 4 respins instead of 3. Multi J Mania – A 2x, 3x, or 5x multiplier may appear on a PRIZE symbol on any spin. If a PRIZE symbol already has a multiplier, the new multiplier will multiply the existing one. Double J Mania – Activates two independent sets of reels. J Mania grants 3 respins, whereas Extra J Mania grants 4 respins. If one or more additional PRIZE symbols appear, the number of respins resets to the initial amount. J Mania ends when either no respins remain or all positions are PRIZE symbols. All prizes on PRIZE symbols are awarded. All prizes are in the currency of the bet. If all positions are filled with PRIZE symbols, the GRAND (2000x total bet) is awarded. If both reel screens are filled with PRIZE symbols during Double J Mania, the GRAND is awarded twice. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.33%. HOW TO PLAY Spin / Stop Starts a game round at the Total Bet (alternatively, press the spacebar or ENTER key). Stops the reels during a spin. Autoplay Opens the autoplay configuration. Turbo Mode Enable / Disable the quick spin. Bet - / + Increases or decreases the Total Bet amount. WIN Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. CASH Displays the player's current balance. PAYTABLE Opens the info and paytable screens. Sound Enables or mutes the sound. Home Directs the player to the website's home URL. GAME RULES Opens the game rules. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Reality Check The Reality Check control displays how much time you have spent playing the game. Set the time interval by visiting ‘My Account' through the host’s website. The popup displays the amount of accumulated time spent in the game, from the moment the game is launched until the popup appears. The alert message will popup in the middle of the screen based on the defined time interval and will stay on the screen until choosing one of three actions: Continue - Return to the game being played. View History - Redirect players to the game history. All previous rounds can be seen and checked. Quit Game - This will exit the game and return to the games lobby. Disconnection Only one instance of the login can be used. When the game is interrupted, upon recovery, it will resume from the point of the interruption and successfully complete the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 9/23/2025