Book of Riches Deluxe: Chapter 2 SE Book of Riches Deluxe: Chapter 2 SE is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring a Growing Symbol feature, a Free Games Bonus, and Jackpot Mania. The game is played with 10 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Growing symbol combinations pay anywhere (non-adjacent) without needing to start from the leftmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways or Growing Symbol combinations only. Book is Scatter/Wild and substitutes for all symbols except Growing Symbols and Orbs/Gold Orbs. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. SCATTER/WILD Scatter/Wild substitutes for all symbols except Growing Symbols and Orbs/Gold Orbs. Scatter/Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the Paytable. JACKPOT MANIA 6 or more Orbs/Gold Orbs activate Jackpot Mania. 3 respins are awarded. If one or more additional Orbs/Gold Orbs appear, the number of respins is reset to 3. Jackpot Mania ends when either no respins remain or all positions are Orbs/Gold Orbs. All prizes on Orbs/Gold Orbs are awarded. All prizes are in the currency of the bet. If all positions are Orbs/Gold Orbs, the Grand is awarded. Free Games 3 or more Scatter/Wild appearing anywhere in the main game award a win according to the Paytable and activate 10 Free Games. 3 or more Scatter/Wild appearing anywhere in Free Games award a win according to the Paytable and activate 10 additional Free Games. Additional Free Games won are automatically added to the current Free Games. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. A random symbol is chosen to be a Growing Symbol for the duration of Free Games. After each Free Game, any wins are awarded according to the Paytable. Any Growing Symbols that land will expand to fill the reel if a winning combination will form or Jackpot Mania will trigger with the expanded symbols. Additional wins are paid only for new combinations with the Growing Symbols according to the Paytable. Growing symbol combinations pay anywhere (non-adjacent) without needing to start from the leftmost reel. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate Free Games at any time. Buy Feature (Free Games) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. The Buy Feature may not be available at all bet levels. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.35%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.35%. Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Last modification date: 1/14/2026