Sugar Rush Fever GAME RULES Sugar Rush Fever is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Jackpot Pick Deluxe, Rush Fever feature, Rush Fever Payment feature, and Free Games. The game is played with 243 ways. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only. Scatter wins are added to any other winning combinations payouts. WILD Wild symbols appear exclusively on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Wild symbols substitute for all Paytable symbols except the Rush Fever symbols. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the Paytable. Jackpot Pick Deluxe During the base game, the Wild symbol can randomly trigger Jackpot Pick Deluxe. During Free Games, either the Rush Fever symbol or Wild symbol can randomly trigger Jackpot Pick Deluxe. Any win combinations are first paid before playing the feature. At the start of the feature, 12 pick symbols appear. Pick to reveal 6 Rush Fever, 7 Rush Fever, 8 Rush Fever, or 9 Rush Fever. Keep picking until 3 jackpot levels match, and award that jackpot level. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. During Free Games, all Jackpot Pick Deluxe jackpots are doubled. RUSH FEVER FEATURE 3+ Rush Fever symbols award a credit prize according to the Paytable. FREE GAMES 3+ adjacent Scatter or Wild symbols starting from the leftmost reel, award 12 Free Games with A, K, Q, J, and 10 symbols removed. During Free Games, prizes for 5+ Rush Fever symbols are doubled. If Jackpot Pick Deluxe is activated during Free Games, the prizes from this feature are also doubled. Additional Free Games won are automatically added to the current Free Games. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. After each Free Game, any wins are awarded according to the Paytable. At the end of the Free Games, the total win from the Free Games is added to any wins from the round that activated the Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated the Free Games. Rush Fever Payment Feature During Free Games, every Rush Fever symbol awards 1x total bet. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.37%. HOW TO PLAY Spin / Stop Starts a game round at the Total Bet (alternatively, press the spacebar or ENTER key). Stops the reels during a spin. Autoplay Opens the autoplay configuration. Turbo Mode Enable / Disable the quick spin (also available in autoplay popup). Bet - / + Increases or decreases the Total Bet amount. WIN Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. CASH Displays the player's current balance. PAYTABLE Opens the info and paytable screens. Sound Enables or mutes the sound. Home Directs the player to the website's home URL. GAME RULES Opens the game rules. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant checkbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/3/2025