Chili Strike GAME RULES GAME OVERVIEW Chili Strike is a 25-tile video mine-style game. The objective is to reveal safe tiles while avoiding hidden Chili tiles. The longer you continue without hitting a Chili, the higher the multiplier applied to your bet. All game outcomes are determined by a certified Random Number Generator (RNG). The bet is set using the bet selector (+ / -). All win values displayed are in the currency you placed your bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. HOW TO PLAY Set your bet using the bet selector. Press the BET button to start a game, or hold it to enable Autoplay. At the start of each game: • The Chili Dice rolls to randomly determine the number of Chilis (2, 3, 5, or 6). • Chilis are randomly placed on the 25-tile grid. • The number of Chilis also determines the multipliers displayed above the grid. • These multipliers are higher when there are more Chilis, increasing potential winnings. Game rounds proceed as follows: • Round 1: Select 3 tiles. • Round 2: Select 2 tiles. • Round 3 and onwards: Select 1 tile per round. Selected tiles reveal either: • Prize Icon – increases your accumulated win multiplier. • Chili – ends the game with no win. After a successful round, you can choose to: • Cash out – collect your current winnings and end the game. • Play On – continue to the next round for a chance at an even higher multiplier. The game ends when: • A Chili is revealed. • You choose to Cash Out. • The maximum prize is reached. MATCH 3 FEATURE Set your bet using the bet selector. This feature may be randomly awarded at the end of any game. At the start of the feature, the 25-tile grid is filled with hidden prize symbols: Mini, Minor, Major, Grand. Reveal tiles until you match 3 identical symbols. Corresponding prizes are awarded as per the paytable: • Mini = 10 x bet • Minor = 20 x bet • Major = 100 x bet • Grand = 500 x bet. The feature ends immediately after a match is found. QUICK PICK To use Quick Pick, turn it on before starting the game. Set a Quick Pick pattern by pre-selecting up to 23 tiles in your preferred order. To reset the whole sequence, click the tile marked “1”. To delete part of the sequence, click on the first numbered tile from which you want the sequence to be removed. If Quick Pick is enabled, the game will automatically follow your preset sequence after pressing the BET button. If no pattern is set, or if the preset sequence ends, tiles will be selected at random. Quick Pick also comes with a predefined default sequence, which can be used directly or adjusted to your preference. After each successful round, you will have the option to either Cash Out your current winnings or Play On to continue following your Quick Pick sequence. AUTOPLAY Hold the BET button to open the Autoplay Settings menu. Choose the number of autoplay games from the provided options. Set game Cash Out limits, choosing from the provided options for: • Number of rounds before Cash Out. • Cash Out at a chosen multiplier. To activate the Autoplay Stop limit, enter a numeric value in the corresponding field. Autoplay uses the same tile selection rules as Quick Pick. To exit the Autoplay menu without starting the games, click the X button. Click START to start the autoplay games. Once started, the Autoplay popup will close, and the BET button will change to a STOP button, allowing you to stop Autoplay at any time. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will reset to default when you reload the game. AUTOPLAY LIMITS Single Win – Stops autoplay and shows a popup if a single payout is ≥ the entered value. Win Limit – Stops autoplay and shows a popup if total wins minus total bets are ≥ the entered limit. It allows you to control your combined wins. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) ≥ (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit – Stops autoplay and shows a popup if losses reach the entered limit. It allows you to control your combined losses. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bet) - (Sum of wins) ≥ (Loss Limit amount). • Pop-up messages about limits: • Win Limit – “Win limit reached” • Single Win – “Single win reached” • Loss Limit – “Loss limit reached”. RETURN TO PLAYER The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.37% Last modification date: 2/13/2026