Stampede Rush Speedy Santa Stampede Rush Speedy Santa is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Stampede Choice, Jackpot Pick, and Stampede Rush. The game is played with 50 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only, except for wins with Scatter and Prize symbols. Scatter and Prize symbols pay in any position. WILD Wild can appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and Free Games. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter and Prize symbols. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the Paytable. JACKPOT PICK During the base game or Free Games, the Wild symbol randomly triggers Jackpot Pick. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the Jackpot Pick. 12 PRIZE symbols appear. Pick to reveal: Prize value, Minor, Major, or Grand. Keep picking until 3 matches to win the corresponding prize. At the end of the Jackpot Pick, the game returns to the round that activated the bonus. STAMPEDE RUSH 6 or more PRIZE symbols appearing anywhere in the base game activate the Stampede Rush. The Stampede Choice may also activate the Stampede Rush. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the Stampede Rush. During the feature, the reels are replaced with special reels containing only PRIZE symbols and empty spaces. 3 respins are awarded. Any PRIZE symbols that activated the Bonus, hold their position, and all remaining reels respin. All new PRIZE symbols that land, also hold their positions until the end of the feature, and the respins reset to 3. Stampede Rush ends when there are no more respins remaining or when all positions are filled with PRIZE symbols. The values shown on all the PRIZE symbols are then paid. If all 3 rows are filled, the Grand is awarded. If any 2 rows are filled, the Major is awarded. If only 1 row is filled, the Minor is awarded. Only one Grand, Major, or Minor prize (the highest shown) is awarded during the feature. At the end of the Stampede Rush, the total win from the feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the feature. At the end of the Stampede Rush, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. STAMPEDE CHOICE 3, 4, or 5 SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere in the base game award a win according to the paytable. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the bonus. Two SCATTER symbols appear. Select a SCATTER to activate Stampede Rush or Free Games. FREE GAMES The Stampede Choice can activate the Free Games. Free Games award 6, 9, or 15 games with 50, 100, or 200 added Wilds. During the Free Games, 3, 4, or 5 SCATTER symbols that appear anywhere on the reels, award a win according to the paytable and add the same number of Free Games when the feature was triggered. Additional Free Games won are automatically added to the current Free Games. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.31%. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/2/2025