J Mania Triple Jam GAME RULES J Mania Triple Jam is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Free Games, J Mania, and Jackpot Pick. The game is played with 27 ways to win. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different ways are added. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and TRIGGER CHANCE symbols. The same symbol, or its substitute in a different position on the same reel, pays that ways win again. Free Games During the base game, landing 3 SCATTER symbols guarantees the activation of one randomly selected feature: Free Games, J Mania, or Jackpot Pick. In addition, each TRIGGER CHANCE symbol is associated with one specific feature and may randomly trigger that feature when appearing on the reels. Any winning combinations are paid first before playing the feature. The feature starts with 8 Free Games. 3 SCATTER symbols during the feature award 4 additional Free Games. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the triggering spin. A sticky WILD symbol remains fixed at the center (reel 2, row 2) during Free Games and does not contribute to the multiplier. Any additional WILD symbols, including a WILD that may land behind the sticky WILD, are collected for a potential multiplier increase. The multiplier value starts at x1. For every 3 WILD symbols collected, the multiplier increases by x2. The maximum multiplier value is x128. The multiplier applies to all ways wins at the end of each spin. When a WILD symbol lands, it's collected first to boost the multiplier, then that increased multiplier is applied to any way wins from that spin. Any WILD symbol may randomly trigger Jackpot Pick. It can only trigger once per spin but may occur multiple times during Free Games. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. J Mania During the base game, landing 3 SCATTER symbols guarantees the activation of one randomly selected feature: Free Games, J Mania, or Jackpot Pick. In addition, each TRIGGER CHANCE symbol is associated with one specific feature and may randomly trigger that feature when appearing on the reels. Any winning combinations are paid first before playing the feature. The feature starts with 3 spins. A sticky COLLECTOR symbol remains in the center (reel 2, row 2). Additional sticky COLLECTOR symbols may appear on reel 2. PRIZE symbols land on the reels and are collected by each COLLECTOR. Landing any PRIZE or COLLECTOR symbol resets the spin counter to 3. PRIZE symbols are collected to increase the persistent multiplier. The multiplier value starts at x1. For every 3 PRIZE symbols collected, the multiplier increases by x2. The maximum multiplier value is x128. The multiplier applies to all PRIZE symbol values at the end of each spin. When a PRIZE symbol lands, it's collected first to boost the multiplier, then that increased multiplier is applied to all PRIZE symbol values. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. Jackpot Pick During the base game, landing 3 SCATTER symbols guarantees the activation of one randomly selected feature: Free Games, J Mania, or Jackpot Pick. In addition, each TRIGGER CHANCE symbol is associated with one specific feature and may randomly trigger that feature when appearing on the reels. Any winning combinations are paid first before playing the feature. During Free Games, a WILD symbol may randomly trigger Jackpot Pick. The feature starts with 12 Pick symbols. Pick to reveal one of the jackpots: Mini = 10x the total bet Minor = 20x the total bet Major = 50x the total bet Grand = 500x the total bet Keep picking until 3 matching jackpots are revealed to win the corresponding jackpot. If the awarded jackpot includes a multiplier, the jackpot is multiplied accordingly. The possible multipliers: x2, x3, x5, x10. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate a random feature (J Mania or Free Games) at any time. Buy Feature (J Mania or Free Games) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the game will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased.\ The Buy Feature may not be available at all bet levels. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.35%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.35%. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/20/2026