Go high Joker GAME RULES Go High Joker is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot featuring the Go High and Keeper feature. The game is played with 5 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. WILD Wild substitutes for all symbols except for the Arrow symbol. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. GO HIGH The Go High feature is activated by landing 2 or more Arrow symbols in the base game. During the feature, a horizontal reel spins above the main reels and it contains credit prizes and jackpots. Credit prizes range from 1x to 20x total bet, while jackpots include Mini, Minor, Major, and Grand prizes. The leftmost arrow of the main reels becomes active. When the horizontal reel stops, the prize that is above the active arrow is won, and the position becomes blank. Every time a prize is won, the horizontal reel spins again. When the reel stops in a blank position, the current arrow deactivates and the next arrow becomes active. The feature ends when all arrows are no longer active or when all of the horizontal reel prizes and jackpots have been won. At the end of the feature, the total win from the feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the feature. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. KEEPER The Keeper feature can be randomly triggered at the beginning of each round in the base game. Upon activation, a symbol and multiplier are randomly selected. This feature uses a different set of reels containing only the selected symbol, Wilds, and blank positions. Symbols and Wilds that land become sticky and hold their positions as the reels spin again. The feature ends when the reels are full or if no new symbols or Wilds land. Every Wild awards the multiplier. When the feature ends, the multipliers are summed and applied to all line wins. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate GO HIGH at any time. Buy Feature (GO HIGH) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 50x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the game will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.3%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.35%. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount).\When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/30/2025