Mad hit hidden cities Mad Hit Hidden Cities is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Free Games, Jackpot Pick Deluxe, Mad Hit Expanding Wilds, and Mad Hit Instant Pay. The game is played with 243 ways. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute in a different position on the same reel, pays that ways win again. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only, except for wins with Prize symbols. Mad Hit symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Prize symbol. WILD Wild substitutes for all symbols except Mad Hit and the Prize symbol. Wild can appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 during the base game and Free Games. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the paytable. MAD HIT Mad Hit substitutes for all symbols except Prize symbol. Mad Hit substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the paytable. During the base game, Mad Hit only occurs on reel 5. During the Free Games, one or more Mad Hit can occur on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. When Prizes are on the screen and a Mad Hit symbol lands off the screen, it might slide back onto the screen. MAD HIT EXPANDING WILDS When a Mad Hit and one or more Wilds land on the screen at the same time, and there is a win, the Wilds will expand to cover the reel. JACKPOT PICK DELUXE During the base game or Free Games, a Jackpot appearing on a Prize symbol, together with a Mad Hit on the screen, will trigger the Jackpot Pick Deluxe. Jackpot Pick Deluxe can be triggered multiple times in a single spin during the base game and Free Games. If there is more than one Mad Hit during the Free Games, each Mad Hit will trigger one Jackpot Pick Deluxe feature for each Jackpot on a Prize symbol. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the Jackpot Pick Deluxe. 12 Coins appear. Pick to reveal: Mini = 10x total bet, Minor = 15x total bet, Major = 50x total bet, or Grand = 500x total bet. Multipliers may appear with each prize. Keep picking until 3 jackpot levels match, and award that jackpot level. If the picked jackpot level contains a multiplier, it awards that jackpot multiplied by the multiplier. Multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x. At the end of the Jackpot Pick Deluxe, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. MAD HIT INSTANT PAY During the base game or Free Games, a Mad Hit occurring on the screen together with one or more Prize symbols with a credit value on it, will trigger the Mad Hit Instant Pay feature. Each Prize symbol will award its credit value once for each Mad Hit present on the screen. During the base game, Mad Hit only occurs on reel 5. During the Free Games, one or more Mad Hit can occur on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Each Prize symbol can have a credit value from 0.5x to 13x the total bet. FREE GAMES During the base game, a Mad Hit landing on the screen together with one or more Prize symbols with a number of Free Games on it, will trigger the Free Games feature. Each Prize symbol can contain values from 3 to 10 Free Games. The total number of Free Games awarded is the sum of all the Free Game values displayed on the Prize symbols on the screen. The Mad Hit that triggered the feature becomes sticky and remains on the screen for all the Free Games. Any additional Mad Hit, up to a maximum of 8, landing on the screen during the Free Games, will also become sticky and remain on the screen for the remainder of the feature. Additional Free Games can be won during the feature each time a Prize symbol with a Free Games value on it occurs on the screen. The total number of additional Free Games awarded is the sum of all Prize symbols with Free Games values multiplied by the number of Mad Hit on the screen. Additional Free Games won are automatically added to the current Free Games up to a maximum of 669 Free Games in a single feature. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 50x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.36%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.36%. AUTOPLAY Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/28/2025