Go High Gallina Go High Gallina is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot featuring the Go High and Keeper feature. The game is played with 5 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only. WILD Wild substitutes for all symbols except for the Arrow symbol. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. GO HIGH The Go High feature is activated by landing 2 or more Arrow symbols in the base game. During the feature, a horizontal reel spins above the main reels and it contains credit prizes and jackpots. Credit prizes range from 1x to 20x total bet, while jackpots include Mini, Minor, Major, and Grand prizes. The leftmost arrow of the main reels becomes active. When the horizontal reel stops, the prize that is above the active arrow is won, and the position becomes blank. Every time a prize is won, the horizontal reel spins again. When the reel stops in a blank position, the current arrow deactivates and the next arrow becomes active. The feature ends when all arrows are no longer active or when all of the horizontal reel prizes and jackpots have been won. At the end of the feature, the total win from the feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the feature. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. KEEPER The Keeper feature can be randomly triggered at the beginning of each round in the base game. Upon activation, a symbol and multiplier are randomly selected. This feature uses a different set of reels containing only the selected symbol, Wilds, and blank positions. Symbols and Wilds that land become sticky and hold their positions as the reels spin again. The feature ends when the reels are full or if no new symbols or Wilds land. Every Wild awards the multiplier. When the feature ends, the multipliers are summed and applied to all line wins. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate GO HIGH at any time. Buy Feature (GO HIGH) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 50x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the game will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.30%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.35%. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 9/30/2025