Egyptian Sun Se Egyptian Sun SE is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Repeat Riches. The game is played with 243 ways. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing or decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable values adjusting proportionally. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute in a different position on the same reel, pays that ways win again. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only, except for wins with a Yellow Sun. Yellow Sun pays in any position. The Tut symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Yellow, Orange, Red and Purple Suns and the +1. Wild The Wild can appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. It substitutes for all symbols except the Yellow, Orange, Red and Purple Suns and the +1. A Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way, according to the Paytable. Repeat Riches 6 or more Yellow Suns appearing anywhere in the main game activate the Repeat Riches feature. Any winning combinations are paid first, before playing the Repeat Riches feature. During the Repeat Riches feature, the reels are replaced with special reels containing only Orange, Red and Purple Suns, the +1 and empty spaces. 5 respins are awarded. The Yellow Suns that activated Repeat Riches hold their positions and all remaining reels respin. Any Suns that land after each respin stay on the screen until the end of the Repeat Riches. Each Orange Sun that lands will award the sum of all the Yellow Suns. Each Red Sun that lands will award the sum of all Suns, including any other Red Suns. Each "+1" that lands add 1 additional respin to the number of respins remaining. The Repeat Riches feature ends when there are no more respins remaining or when all positions are filled with Suns. The values shown on all the Suns are then paid. If all 15 positions are filled with Suns, the Pharaoh Jackpot is awarded. At the end of the Repeat Riches, the total win from the feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the feature. At the end of the Repeat Riches, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate REPEAT RICHES at any time. Buy Feature (REPEAT RICHES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 60x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. The Buy Feature may not be available at all bet levels. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.35%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.36%. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total B How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/9/2025