Immortal Ways Magic Gems Game Rules Reels 2 and 3 are the left Immortal Array. Reels 4 and 5 are the right Immortal Array. During a spin, COINs may contain the credit values or the WHEEL COIN symbol that triggers the Prize Wheel. The Prize Wheel occurs on reel 1 for the left Immortal Array, and on reel 6 for the right Immortal Array. During a spin, if a new COIN lands within an Immortal Array, all COINS within the Immortal Array remain for 3 spins. After the 3rd spin, if no new COINs land within the Immortal Array, all COINs will be reset. If one or more COINs with a Prize Wheel land, the wheel will randomly assign one of the following possible options for those COINs: Jackpot, credit value, multiplier, or Collect. If the Prize Wheel assigns a COIN with a multiplier: The multiplier will be applied to all credit values on all other COINs in the corresponding Immortal Array. The multipliers do not apply to Jackpot prizes. After applying to all the COINs with credit values within the Immortal Array, all multipliers are converted to credit values. For each multiplier, the corresponding credit value is the multiplier value times the total bet. If the Prize Wheel assigns a COIN with Collect: All prizes on all COINs in the corresponding Immortal Array are awarded. The Collect option on the Prize Wheel is only awarded during the base game. Only one COIN with Collect can appear within an Immortal Array at a time. A COIN with Collect on it can only appear in an Immortal Array if there were other COINs during the previous spin and after the Prize Wheel spins complete. The Immortal Array is won at the end of the spin when one of the following occurs: All positions in the Immortal Array are filled with COINs. The Collect value has been awarded on the corresponding Prize Wheel. After the Immortal Array is won, all COINs in that Immortal Array will be reset. COINs within an Immortal Array can only be won once. WHEEL FREE GAMES During the base game, landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols guarantees the activation of one randomly selected feature: Wheel Free Games, Mirroring Free Games, or Immortal Respin. In addition, each TRIGGER CHANCE symbol is associated with one specific feature and may randomly trigger that feature when appearing on the reels. Any winning combinations are paid first before playing the feature. The feature starts with 8 Free Games and with empty Immortal Arrays that are independent from the base game. 3 SCATTER symbols during the feature award 8 additional Free Games. During the Wheel Free Games, every new COIN is a WHEEL COIN. During the Wheel Free Games, each COIN can only be won once. All COINS that land within an Immortal Array during the Wheel Free Games remain there until the Immortal Array is won or the Wheel Free Games feature ends. Any COINS remaining in any Immortal Array at the end of the Wheel Free Games are awarded. Wheel Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Wheel Free Games. MIRRORING COINS During Mirroring Free Games, every new COIN that lands with a credit value or multiplier on it is a MIRRORING COIN. When the Prize Wheel awards a Multiplier MIRRORING COIN, all credit value COINS in both arrays are multiplied. The Multiplier MIRRORING COIN then becomes a Credit MIRRORING COIN, and its value is calculated as the multiplier value times the total bet. Credit MIRRORING COINS stay on the reels until the end of the spin, after which the following occurs: A Credit MIRRORING COIN on reel 2 will be mirrored to the same row on reel 5, and if on reel 3, it will be mirrored to reel 4 in the same row, and vice-versa. If a COIN is mirrored to a position with no COIN, a new regular COIN will replace the symbol there, except for a SCATTER which becomes a SCATTER COIN combo. If a COIN is mirrored to a position with a Credit Value COIN, the value from the mirroring COIN is added to the Credit Value COIN and the source COIN becomes a regular COIN. If a COIN is mirrored to a position with a MIRRORING COIN, the values from both COINS are added together and they become regular COINs. If a COIN is mirrored to a position with a Jackpot, there is no effect, but the source COIN value will double and become a regular one. MIRRORING FREE GAMES During the base game, landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols guarantees the activation of one randomly selected feature: Wheel Free Games, Mirroring Free Games, or Immortal Respin. In addition, each TRIGGER CHANCE symbol is associated with one specific feature and may randomly trigger that feature when appearing on the reels. Any winning combinations are paid first before playing the feature. The feature starts with 8 Free Games and with empty Immortal Arrays that are independent from the base game. 3 SCATTER symbols during the feature award 8 additional Free Games. During the Mirroring Free Games, every new COIN with a credit value or multiplier is a MIRRORING COIN. During the Mirroring Free Games, each COIN can only be won once. All COINS that land within an Immortal Array during the Mirroring Free Games remain there until the Immortal Array is won or the Mirroring Free Games feature ends. Any COINS remaining in any Immortal Array at the end of the Mirroring Free Games are awarded. Mirroring Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated the Mirroring Free Games. IMMORTAL RESPIN During the base game, landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols guarantees the activation of one randomly selected feature: Wheel Free Games, Mirroring Free Games, or Immortal Respin. In addition, each TRIGGER CHANCE symbol is associated with one specific feature and may randomly trigger that feature when appearing on the reels. Any winning combinations are paid first before playing the feature. The feature starts with empty Immortal Arrays that are independent from the base game. 2 separate Hold and Spin games run simultaneously — one for each Immortal Array. Each Immortal Array starts with a 3-spin counter: If no COIN lands in the array, the counter decreases by 1. If a COIN lands, the counter resets to 3. Only Credit COINS and darkened inactive symbols can land during the feature. All landed COINS hold their positions until the Immortal Respin ends. There are Prize Wheels on reels 1 and 6, each linked to its respective Immortal Array. A Prize Wheel becomes active only if the corresponding Immortal Array is completely filled with COINS. The Prize Wheel is triggered after both Hold and Spin games are completed. Prize Wheels in this feature may contain only Jackpots or multipliers. A Hold and Spin game for an Immortal Array ends when: The spin counter reaches 0, or The Immortal Array is completely filled with COINS. During the Immortal Respin, each COIN can only be won once. Any COINS remaining in any Immortal Array at the end of the Immortal Respin are awarded. Immortal Respin is played at the same bet value as the round that activated Immortal Respin. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate a random feature, Wheel Free Games, Mirroring Free Games, or Immortal Respin, at any time. Buy Feature can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.33%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.33%. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/22/2025