Giga Match Gems Giga Match Gems is a 7-reel, 7-row video slot featuring Cascading Wins, Match Blitz feature and Free Games. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Wins are calculated based on clusters of symbols. A cluster is formed when 5 or more identical adjacent symbols touch horizontally and/or vertically. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. All symbols pay anywhere on the screen according to the Paytable. Simultaneous wins of different symbols are added. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. CASCADING WINS A cascade is activated when 5 or more identical symbols form a cluster. The cascades repeat until there are no more non-SCATTER winning combinations. During a cascade sequence: All symbols in a winning combination are paid and then disappear from the reels. All other symbols remain on the reels. On each reel, all symbols, including new ones, directly above empty positions will cascade down to fill all empty positions. The SCATTER symbol does not initiate cascades or disappear from the reels. Any Free Games trigger, retrigger, and Match Blitz feature trigger occur after all cascades have been completed. MULTIPLIER SPOTS Each time a symbol in a winning cluster collapses, it marks its position on the grid. A multiplier is activated if a symbol collapses in the same spot a second time, starting at 2x. With each additional collapse in the same marked spot, the multiplier doubles, up to a maximum of 128x. Multipliers increase the payout for any winning combinations they apply to. When multiple multipliers contribute to a win, their values are combined for a larger total. In the base game, all multiplier spots are cleared once no more winning combinations occur, and the cascading sequence ends. During the Free Games, multiplier spots remain active on the reels until the end of the Free Games feature. MATCH BLITZ The feature has a chance to trigger when two or more consecutive cascades occur on the same spin during the base game or Free Games. The Match Blitz prizes increase when two or more consecutive cascades occur on the same spin during the base game or Free Games. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. The starting prizes are: Grand: x2000 Major: x200 Minor: x20 Mini: x10 Prizes can go up to 10 times the starting value. 12 Pick symbols appear. Pick to reveal Mini, Minor, Major, or Grand. Keep picking until 3 prizes match to win that prize. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. At the end of the feature, the prizes reset to their starting values. FREE GAMES Free Games are awarded based on the number of SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels: 3 SCATTER symbols: 8 Free Games 4 SCATTER symbols: 12 Free Games 5 SCATTER symbols: 16 Free Games 6 SCATTER symbols: 20 Free Games 7 SCATTER symbols: 40 Free Games During the Free Games, landing additional SCATTER symbols awards more Free Games: 3 SCATTER symbols: 8 additional Free Games 4 SCATTER symbols: 12 additional Free Games 5 SCATTER symbols: 16 additional Free Games 6 SCATTER symbols: 20 additional Free Games 7 SCATTER symbols: 40 additional Free Games Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. Multiplier spots remain active throughout the Free Games features and do not reset, which increases the potential for larger multipliers as the round progresses. At the end of the Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the feature is completed, the game will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased. The Buy Feature may not be available at all bet levels. The theoretical return to player for the Buy Feature is 94.43%. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/26/2025