Mad Hit Jokester Mad Hit Jokester is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Free Games and Mad Hit Instant Pay. The game is played with 10 paylines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MAD HIT INSTANT PAY During the base game or Free Games, when a Wild symbol appears on the reels together with one or more Prize symbols, the Mad Hit Instant Pay feature is activated. All Prize symbols are multiplied by their respective multipliers, and then the Wild symbol collects them. Each Prize symbol pays its value once for every Wild symbol on the reels. After collecting Prize symbol values, winning lines are evaluated and paid. FREE GAMES Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. 3 or more Scatter symbols award the following: 3 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Games + 5x total bet 4 Scatter symbols = 15 Free Games + 7x total bet 5 Scatter symbols = 20 Free Games + 10x total bet Scatter symbols do not appear during the Free Games. During the Free Games, Mad Hit Instant Pay may be activated. Prize symbol multipliers start at x1 and increase each time a Prize symbol lands. The increase depends on the number of Wild symbols collected. For every 4 Wilds collected: 10 extra Free Games are awarded The multiplier increment increases by 1 At the end of the Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. MAD HIT SECOND CHANCE During the base game, if 2 Scatter symbols land on the first or second row, the Mad Hit Second Chance feature is activated. The 2 Scatter symbols remain on the reels and slide down by one row on the following spin(s). The reels without Scatter symbols spin. The extra spins continue until one of the initial Scatter symbols reaches the bottom row. During the extra spins, wins are paid as usual, plus the Mad Hit Instant Pay may trigger. If additional Scatter symbols appear, increasing the total number of Scatters to three or more, the Free Games feature is activated immediately. MAD HIT RESCUE This feature may activate randomly during Free Games. It can transform a non-winning spin into a Mad Hit Instant Pay win by adding missing symbols after the spin: If at least one Wild symbol is on the reels but no Prize symbols, new Prize symbols may appear in random positions. If there are no Wild symbols, but at least one Prize symbol is present, Wild symbols may be added to the reels. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 75x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. The Buy Feature may not be available at all bet levels. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Last modification date: 8/19/2025