He He Yang He He Yang is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Sunlight Choice Bonus, Jackpot Pick, and Sunlight Spins. The game is played with 50 lines. All reels are in play at all times. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. The bet lines or ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay on bet lines or ways only, except for wins with Scatter and Coin. Scatter and Coin pay in any position. Cai Shen symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Coin. WILD Wild can appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the main game and Free Games. It substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter and Coin. Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line or way according to the Paytable. JACKPOT PICK During base game or Free Games, Wild randomly triggers Bonus. Only one Bonus triggers per game. Any win combinations are first paid before playing the Bonus. 12 coins appear. Pick to reveal Mini, Minor, Major, or Grand. Keep picking until 3 jackpot levels match, and award that jackpot level. At the end of the Bonus, the game returns to the round that activated the Bonus. SUNLIGHT SPINS 6 or more Coin appearing anywhere in the main game or Free Game activate the Bonus. The Sunlight Choice pick may also activate the Bonus. Any win combinations are first paid before playing the Bonus. During the Bonus, the reels are replaced with special reels containing only Coin symbols and empty spaces. 3 respins are awarded. Any Coin that activated the Bonus hold their positions and all remaining reels respin. Any Coin that land after each respin stay on the screen until the end of the Bonus. 1 or more Coin symbols that land after each respin resets the number of respins to 3. The Bonus ends when there are no more respins remaining or when all positions are filled with Coin symbols. The values shown on all Coin symbols are then paid. If all 15 positions are filled, the Grand jackpot is awarded. At the end of the Bonus, the total win from the Bonus is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus. At the end of the Bonus, the game returns to the round that activated the Bonus. SUNLIGHT CHOICE BONUS 3, 4, or 5 Scatters appearing anywhere in the main game award a win according to the Paytable. Any win combinations are first paid before playing the Bonus. Two coins appear. Select a Coin to activate Sunlight Spins or Free Games. The Free Games awards 6, 9, or 15 free games with 50, 100, or 200 added Wilds. During Free Games, 3, 4, or 5 Scatters appearing anywhere awards a win according to the Paytable and the same number of Free Games when it activated. Additional Free Games won are automatically added to the current Free Games. Free Games are played at the same value as the round that activated Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.90%. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant textbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP:96.9% Last modification date: 11/26/2025