Giga Match North Pole Giga Match North Pole is a 6-reel, 5-row video slot featuring Cascading Wins, Match Blitz feature, and Free Games. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. All reels are in play at all times. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. All symbols pay anywhere on the screen according to the Paytable. Simultaneous wins of different symbols are added. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. CASCADING WINS After every spin, if there are 8 or more identical symbols on the reels, a cascade sequence is triggered. The cascades repeat until there are no more non-SCATTER winning combinations. During a cascade sequence: All symbols in a winning combination are paid and then disappear from the reels. All other symbols remain on the reels. On each reel, all symbols, including new ones, directly above empty positions will cascade down to fill all empty positions. The SCATTER symbol does not initiate cascades or disappear from the reels. Any Free Games trigger, retrigger, and Match Blitz feature trigger occur after all cascades have been completed. MATCH BLITZ The feature has a chance to trigger when two or more consecutive cascades occur on the same spin during the base game or Free Games. The Match Blitz prizes increase when two or more consecutive cascades occur on the same spin during the base game or Free Games. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. The starting prizes are: Grand: x2000 Major: x200 Minor: x20 Mini: x10 Prizes can go up to 10 times the starting value. 12 Pick symbols appear. Pick to reveal Mini, Minor, Major, or Grand. Keep picking until 3 prizes match to win that prize. At the end of the feature, the game returns to the round that activated the feature. At the end of the feature, the prizes reset to their starting values. FREE GAMES 4 or more SCATTER symbols trigger 10 Free Games. 3 or more SCATTER symbols during the feature award 5 additional Free Games. Any winning combinations are first paid before playing the feature. Free Games are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Games. The multiplier symbol is present only during Free Games and stays on the reels until the end of the cascades. The multiplier symbol takes a random value of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25, x50, or x100. When the cascades end, the values of all multiplier symbols on the reels are added together, and the round win is multiplied by the total value. At the end of the Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated Free Games. BUY FEATURE Tapping Buy Feature initiates the Buy Feature Dialog which allows the player to activate FREE GAMES at any time. Buy Feature (FREE GAMES) can be triggered from the base game only by buying it for 100x the current total bet. The Buy Feature confirm button initiates the feature triggering spin at the selected bet. The feature triggering spin will award all coinciding wins. After the feature is completed, the bet amount will return to the original setting before the Buy Feature was purchased (without multiplier). After the Buy Feature is activated, a round will start with a new progression. After the Buy Feature is completed, the game returns to the round that activated the feature, and the progression returns to the last round played before the Buy Feature was purchased. The RTP of the game when using Buy Feature is 94.3%. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.36%. Last modification date: 12/26/2025