Red Dog In Red Dog, the objective of the game is to bet that the third card dealt will fall between (in terms of rank) the value of the first two cards. After the first two cards are dealt, the player has the option to double their original bet. top Information The game is played with a single standard deck of 52 cards with no jokers. The cards are ranked as in poker, with a King having a higher rank than a Queen. Aces are always high. The deck is shuffled at the start of every game. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The game and the game rules are identical for real money and play money modes. All suits of cards (hearts, spades, clubs, and diamonds) are of equal ranking. top How to play Select the amount you want to wager on a given hand by clicking on the chip of that denomination. To decrease or remove the amount wagered left-click the mouse on the chip(s) placed on the 'Bet' area of table. After placing a bet, the 'DEAL' button becomes active. Click on this button for cards to be dealt. Two cards are then dealt face-up. Depending on the ranks of these cards, a puck is placed on the layout to indicate the 'Spread'. The 'Spread' is defined as the number of ranks that fall between the two cards. For example the 'Spread' for the cards 2 and 5 is two (two cards - 3 and 4 - can be dealt between '2' and '5', so the spread/rank is calculated as two). The paytable in the layout indicates the odds at which the player will be paid if the third card falls between the first two. If the first two cards are consecutive, the game is tied and the bet is a push. If the first two cards are a pair, a third card is drawn automatically. If the third card makes Three of a Kind, the player is paid at odds of 11:1. If the third card dealt does not make Three of a Kind, the hand is tied and is a push. If the first two cards dealt are not consecutive or a pair, the player is given two options, 'RAISE' or 'CALL'. If the player elects to 'CALL', the third card is drawn and if this falls between the first two cards, the player is paid at the odds specified. If the third card falls outside the 'Spread' or is the same as either of the first two cards, the player loses his bet. If the player elects to 'RAISE', a bet equal to the original bet is automatically placed. If the player doesn't have sufficient game balance to raise the bet, the 'RAISE' option is not offered. The third card is then drawn. The rules given are used to determine whether or not the player wins or loses. If the player raises and wins, the odds paid are applied to the total bet. The cards are cleared after all bets have been settled, and the game can begin again. To clear a bet and place a new bet of a different denomination, click on 'CLEAR'. To repeat a bet, click on 'REBET'. To check the game rules, click on the 'RULES' button. Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of your last games. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. To exit from the game, click on the 'EXIT' button on the game window. If your game balance drops below the minimum bet while playing the game, the 'Buy-in' window pops up, allowing you to buy credits in from your account. top Paytable The table below shows the payouts for non-pairs and non-consecutive hands. The payoffs shown are per unit bet. To calculate the actual amount, multiply the payout with your bet: Payoff table Spread Payoff 1 5:1 2 4:1 3 2:1 4 to 11 1:1 top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 12/17/2018