10,001 Nights Megaways™ Slot - Play | 95.69% RTP, 10500 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games 10,001 Nights Megaways™ 10,001 Nights Megaways™ brings the legendary tale of Scheherazade to life with the mystique of Old Arabia. Collect Oil Lamps to unlock powerful features while Chain Reaction mechanics create epic win potential. Discover the hidden Destiny Spins bonus round, where a 20x Global Multiplier can lead to untold riches. Embark on this magical journey and let the reels weave your fortune! Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 14-07-2022 Release Date 95.69% RTP Volatility 32.01% Hit Frequency 10 500 x bet Max payout 6x7 Reels/Rows Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet 117649 Play lines max Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features Feature Lamps At the top of the screen are 4 meters represented as Feature Lamps. Landing Oil Lamps anywhere on the reels fills the Feature Lamps with magic oil. If a Feature Lamp is filled completely, a feature gets unlocked! Oil Lamps stop appearing after the final feature has been unlocked. Once a feature is unlocked it will be triggered on the next spin at the same stake and may continue to trigger randomly on any future spins at that stake. - First Stage: 6 Oil Lamps required. Unlocks Imperial Spin feature. - Second Stage: 7 Oil Lamps required (13 in total). Unlocks Random Wilds feature. - Third Stag: 8 Oil Lamps required (21 in total). Unlocks Multi-pick feature. - Fourth Stage: 9 Oil Lamps required (30 in total). Unlocks Mega Wilds feature. Imperial Spin The Sultan has spoken! Only high-paying symbols shall land on the reels when the Imperial Spin feature is activated! This is the first feature that gets unlocked and requires 6 Oil Lamps to trigger. Random Wilds Shazam! Up to 10 magical Random Wilds appear on the middle 4 reels! This is the second feature that gets unlocked and requires 7 Oil Lamps to trigger. Multi-Pick Eeny, meeny, miny, moe… you are presented with 3 cards to choose from, each representing a different Win Multiplier. The possible Multipliers are x3, x5, and x8. Pick one of the 3 cards to be rewarded with a Multiplier that will be applied to your next win! If activated in Free Spins, the number will be added to the global multiplier. This is the third feature that gets unlocked and requires 8 Oil Lamps to trigger. Mega Wilds Mega Wild symbols cover an entire reel and up to 4 can appear on the middle 4 reels. These symbols come with a Multiplier of between x2 and x7 that is applied to all ways in which the Wild participates. This is the fourth and final feature that gets unlocked and requires 9 Oil Lamps to trigger. Destiny Spins If 3 Destiny Spins symbols appear anywhere on the reels, you get 8 Destiny Spins bonus rounds – you get an additional 2 Destiny Spins for each additional symbol that lands. 3 Destiny Spins symbols landing anywhere on the reels during the bonus rounds award 6 Bonus Spins, with each additional symbol increasing that amount by 1. During Destiny Spins bonus rounds, any win that occurs will increase the global win Multiplier by up to x20, which applies to all win ways. The Multiplier resets when the bonus round ends. PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility