Cyber Attack Slot - Play | 95.68% RTP, 10584 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games Cyber Attack Enter the neon-drenched world of Cyber Attack by Red Tiger, where you play as a shadowy hacker triggering random Breach Attempts on any spin. Diverted breaches activate one of three Feature Hacks—Symbol, Wild, or Multiplier. Every 6th breach guarantees Free Spins, where infected symbols stack the system in your favor. Stay sharp, breach deep, and outsmart the grid in this digital showdown. Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 27-06-2023 Release Date 95.68% RTP Volatility 25.98% Hit Frequency 10 584 x bet Max payout 4-4-4-4-4 Reels/Rows Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet 1024 Play lines max Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features Breach Attempts As the hacker works his way into the system, a Breach Attempt may be randomly triggered on any spin. When it is diverted, a digital file is stored in your progress bar at the top-right corner. Diverted attack? No problem! 1 of the 3 Feature Hacks is immediately triggered. Although a Breach Attempt may be successful at any time, when 6 digital files gather in your progress bar, your Breach Attempt becomes a guaranteed success! Feature Hacks With every diverted Breach Attempt, your skillful hacking triggers Feature Hacks - it&#x27;s hard to fend off hackers completely! The 3 types of Feature Hacks to enhance your gameplay are listed below. - Symbol Hack: Drops a random number of symbols of the same type anywhere on the reels. - Multiplier Hack: Activates ways multipliers of 2x and 5x in random positions. Symbols appearing in these positions will count as many icons as the multipliers indicate. - Wild Hack: A random number of floating Wild holograms appear on the middle reels in random positions. Wilds substitute for all paying symbols, counting as the symbol forming the longest winning combination on a single win way. Breach (Free Spins) The firewall may divert breach attempts at any time. However, success is guaranteed on every sixth Attempt when the progress bar fills. In the bonus round, you receive 6 Free Spins. During the bonus round, the Free Spins counter may glitch, awarding you 1-3 additional Free Spins. Feature Hacks may randomly occur during Free Spins. 1 feature may activate on a single spin. The Hijack Virus infects a random symbol and stores it above the gaming grid whenever the symbol appears on the reels. You can hijack a maximum of 20 symbols. If the symbol multiplier appears on an infected symbol, it enhances the number of infected icons stored. Any Wilds appearing anywhere become infected. The hijacked symbols fill the empty gaming grid when your Free Spins run out. When you have a maximum of 20 icons, the whole grid is covered by the same symbol. PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility