Egypt Clusterbuster™ Slot - Play | 95.71% RTP, 6656 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games Egypt Clusterbuster™ Uncover the secrets of ancient Egypt in Egypt Clusterbuster™, where scarabs unlock untold riches! A 3×3 cluster of locked tiles breaks open as winning clusters form, unlocking adjacent tiles. Release the scarab to trigger powerful features: Green adds 3×3 Super Symbols, Blue brings 3×3 Super Wilds, Red drops a Scattering Super Wild, and Purple unveils a Scattering Multiplier Super Wild. Unlock ancient treasures and secrets in Egypt Clusterbuster™! Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 26-09-2024 Release Date 95.71% RTP Volatility 30.31% Hit Frequency 6 656 x bet Max payout 9x9 Reels/Rows Yes Feature buy-in Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet Reviews 7.15 7.3 AboutSlots Egypt Clusterbuster is an exhilarating slot game that combines ancient Egyptian mystery with modern gaming features to keep players on their toes. read full review 7.0 Casino Wizard With Egypt Clusterbuster, Red Tiger has created a good-looking Ancient Egyptian cluster pays slot with all the right symbols and an impressive soundtrack. read full review Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features Clusterbuster™ and Chain Reaction Symbols that form winning combinations vanish, allowing new symbols to drop in and create additional wins. An inactive 3x3 cluster of locked tiles sits on the reels. The outer tiles of this cluster unlock when winning clusters form adjacent to it. Break all the outer tiles to reveal the cluster’s prize. The inactive cluster resets at the start of each spin. Ancient Orbs Each feature is represented by a colored orb above the reels, with all orbs except the green one locked at the start. Unlock features by releasing the scarab encased in the 3x3 Clusterbuster™ in the center of the reels. Once a feature is unlocked, it will activate on the next spin, and the scarab will be encased again for future unlocking. Features can trigger randomly in future spins, and multiple features may activate in a single spin if more than 1 is unlocked. Orb Unlock Order: 1. Green Orb: Unlocked at the start, triggers a 3x3 Super Symbol, with up to 3 symbols landing in a spin, all of the same type. 2. Blue: Up to 3 Blue 3x3 Super Wilds land on the reels. 3. Red: A Red 3x3 Super Wild lands and, after a win, transforms into 9 scarabs that become Wild symbols. 4. Purple: A Red 3x3 Super Wild with a multiplier lands, turns into 9 scarabs, and the multiplier applies to all wins involving these Wilds. Once the Blue, Red, and Purple orbs are unlocked, the Free Spins Scarab is encased in the Clusterbuster™, awarding 10 free spins each time it’s released. The Free Spins Scarab remains fixed in place after activation. Free Spins Triggered every time the Free Spins Scarab is released, awarding 10 free spins. The Clusterbuster™ does not appear during the bonus round, and Free Spins cannot be retriggered. During Free Spins, there is an increased chance of activating 1 or more of the coloured orb features. At the end of Free Spins, the Free Spins Scarab is enclosed again and may be released in future spins to award additional free spins. Bonus Buy Winning is as straightforward as landing number symbols on the central payline of a one-row grid with 4 reels, where these numbers work together to create the stake multiplier. The diamond symbol has no value and represents a blank position PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility