Wild Wild Chest Slot - Play | 96.14% RTP, 1510 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games Wild Wild Chest Saddle up for Wild Wild Chest – a rootin’-tootin’ slot adventure set in the heart of the Wild West! Keep an eye out for the Lucky Chest — it could burst open with thrilling bonuses, instant wins, or Free Spins. Watch as Wild Girls join the action during Free Spins to boost your chances of striking it rich. With cinematic graphics and a true Wild West vibe, this slot is packed with excitement and rewards! Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 07-10-2016 Release Date 96.14% RTP Volatility 20.54% Hit Frequency 1 510 x bet Max payout 3-3-3-3-3 Reels/Rows Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet 20 Play lines max Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features The Lucky Chest The Lucky Chest feature triggers most of the high payout bonuses. It can reward Instant Win, Lucky Respin, Swap Reels, or Random Tiles features, and you can get more than one Lucky Chest on any spin! Random Tiles When the Random Tiles feature is triggered by opening the Lucky Chest, extra winning symbols are added across the reels for guaranteed wins. Lucky Respin When the Lucky Respin feature is triggered by opening the Lucky Chest, an instant respin is played with a guaranteed win. Any additional unopened Lucky Chests remain locked on the reels during the respin, ready to open for more prizes once you’ve collected your respin winnings! Swap Reels When the Lucky Chest awards the Swap Reels feature, the reels&#x27; order is switched until a winning combination is found. Instant Win If the Instant Win feature is triggered by opening the Lucky Chest a random win amount will count up and be awarded immediately! Free Spins The Free Spins bonus is activated when 3 Free Spin symbols land on the reels in columns 1, 3, and 5. The player is then given a choice between the three Free Spins symbols, for a different number of spins hidden beneath each. The Wild Girls appear frequently during Free Spins to boost your chances of hitting big wins. Wild Girls During Free Spins, Wild Girls hit the reels. If the 1x3 Fat Wilds land partially visible on the slot, they will be Nudged to Full Size. PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility