Trophy Fish Slot - Play | 95.71% RTP, 27109 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games Trophy Fish Grab your bait and join the hunt for Trophy Fish! The Fisherman Wild lands on the 3rd reel, catching all Fish in view for combined prizes. Golden Fish boosts the prize multiplier up to 20x. Chase Trophy Fish for prizes up to 1,000x your stake. Catch a Free Spins Fish to trigger Free Spins, locking the Fisherman Wild and offering retriggers as multipliers rise. Cast your net and reel in big surprises – the waters are full of riches! Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 20-01-2025 Release Date 95.71% RTP Volatility 19.94% Hit Frequency 27 109 x bet Max payout 5x3 Reels/Rows Yes Feature buy-in Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet 20 Play lines max Reviews 8.00 7.0 Bigwinboard Trophy Fish doesn&#x27;t flip what we know about fishing slots on its head, but impressive potential and a rules refresh make it one for armchair anglers to enjoy. read full review 9.0 Fruity Slots Trophy Fish exceeded our expectations as a non-copycat fishing slot that delivers genuine mechanical depth. The Fisherman Wild collection system, fish-locking mechanics, and multiplier progression all work together to create engaging gameplay. read full review Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features Fisherman Wild The Fisherman Wild can land only on the middle position of the 3rd reel and substitutes for all paying symbols. When the Fisherman Wild lands, he catches all the fish symbols present on the reels and awards their corresponding prize. Fish Fish scatters can land on any position except the middle position of the 3rd reel and they hold various prizes. When a Fish lands it locks on its position for 2 spins. Additionally, landing a Fish resets the lock counter of all other fish symbols present on the reels back to 2. Locked Fish will be unlocked if caught by the Fisherman Wild. Cash Fish Hold an instant cash prize representing a stake multiplier. The possible multipliers are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x times the current stake. Their combined prize value is awarded when the Fisherman Wild lands and catches them. Golden Fish Golden Fish, caught by the Fisherman Wild on the middle reel, bring more than just instant cash prizes – they also boost the prize multiplier. Up to 4 Golden Fish can appear simultaneously, each increasing the multiplier as follows: • 1 Golden Fish – 3x • 2 Golden Fish – 5x • 3 Golden Fish – 10x • 4 Golden Fish – 20x Trophy Fish Four types of Trophy Fish can land on the reels: • Blue Plate Trophy Fish – 50x • Green Plate Trophy Fish – 100x • Red Plate Trophy Fish – 250x • Purple Plate Trophy Fish – 1000x Free Spins Free Spins are triggered when the Fisherman catches a Free Spins Fish. Each Free Spins Fish awards 8 free spins, with the Fisherman locking in place for the entire bonus round and catching all fish symbols that land. Every Free Spins Fish caught retriggers an additional 8 free spins. The prize multiplier from catching Golden Fish remains active and applies to all fish prizes. Up to four Golden Fish can appear, increasing the multiplier just as in the base game. Feature Buy 1. Fisherman Wild: Guaranteed to land the Fisherman Wild, together with at least 1 Fish of any type in the spin for 10x the stake. 2. Free Spins: Guaranteed to land the Fisherman Wild alongside at least 1 Free Spins Fish for 60x the stake. Additional Free Spins Fish or other Fish types may also appear. PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility