Wild Expedition Slot - Play | 95.67% RTP, 2101 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games Wild Expedition Get ready for adventure in Wild Expedition! Join Nick and Cara as you explore the jungle in search of gold and big wins. Watch out for Cara’s Wild Kiss – when she appears, she can turn Nick symbols Wild and lock them in place for the next spin, boosting your chance of a big win. The jungle is calling… will you answer? Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 04-11-2021 Release Date 95.67% RTP Volatility 14.24% Hit Frequency 2 101 x bet Max payout 4-4-4-4-4 Reels/Rows Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet 30 Play lines max Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features Jungle Treasure Nick may randomly appear and add Nick symbols to the reels for a guaranteed win! Additionally, Nick may also randomly appear and add Free Spins symbols to the reels, potentially triggering the bonus round! Wild Kiss Cara may randomly appear and blow a kiss, turning all Nick symbols Wild and locking them for the next spin, giving you the chance of huge wins! Previously locked Wilds will also remain locked. Nick and Cara symbols When a Cara symbol lands adjacent to a Nick symbol, it turns it into a Wild and locks it for the next spin! Cara symbols that land next to previously locked Wilds will lock them for one more spin! Free Spins Landing three Free Spins symbols will award you with ten free spins! Each additional symbol awards five extra bonus spins for a maximum of twenty free spins! Wilds remain locked for the duration of Free Spins! PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility