Giga Blast Slot - Play | 95.73% RTP, 23579 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games Giga Blast Explore the cosmic wonders of Giga Blast, where Star Wilds light the way! When one lands near cosmic indicators, horizontal and vertical Wild Blasts explode for out-of-this-world wins. Each existing Star Wild gains a +1 multiplier. Land 3+ Free Spins symbols to trigger 10–25 spins, with a chance to earn 5 more during the bonus. Ready for liftoff? Use Feature Buy for guaranteed adventure. The stars are aligned—launch your journey today in Giga Blast! Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 07-12-2023 Release Date 95.73% RTP Volatility 24.88% Hit Frequency 23 579 x bet Max payout 6x4 Reels/Rows Yes Feature buy-in Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet 50 Play lines max Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features Star Wilds Star Wilds substitute for all paying symbols and count as the symbol which forms the longest winning combination on a single win line. Wild Blast Blast indicators appear above the reels and on the row sides. When a Star Wild lands within a row or reel with a Wild Blast symbol, it triggers an explosion, converting adjacent symbols into more Star Wilds. When both horizontal and vertical explosions are active, they create a double explosion, and if a Star Wild is already present, its multiplier increases by 1. Star Wilds can be boosted with x2, x3, or x5 multipliers. When both a multiplier and explosion are simultaneously active, the multiplier takes precedence. Explosions occur 1 by 1, starting with the Star Wilds on the reels and then moving to the newly created ones, with no impact on the Free Spins symbols. Free Spins Launching Free Spins is as simple as landing 3 or more Free Spins Scatters for a star-studded voyage. You&#x27;ll earn 10, 15, 20, or 25 Free Spins depending on whether you land 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatters. While you&#x27;re already on your Free Spins adventure, finding 3 more Scatters adds an extra 5 spins—a celestial bonus boost! To top it off, the Wild Blast feature is more likely to activate during Free Spins. Feature Buy 1. Wild Blast: For 3x the stake, trigger a Wild Blast with any modifier during the spin. 2. Free Spins: For 75x stake, land 3 or more Free Spins to access to the bonus round. PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility