Easy Gold Slot - Play | 95.73% RTP, 11059 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games Easy Gold Crack the code and claim the riches in Red Tiger’s Easy Gold! This bank vault-themed slot features a unique 1-row, 4-reel grid with numbers that pay when they land on the center line. Keep a sharp lookout for the Vault Spin scatter on the fourth reel – it’s your ticket to the vault’s hidden treasures. Adventure awaits as you embark on an exhilarating quest to open the vault and claim your share of the Easy Gold! Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 28-09-2023 Release Date 95.73% RTP Volatility 21.49% Hit Frequency 11 059 x bet Max payout 4x1 Reels/Rows Yes Feature buy-in Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet 1 Play lines max Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features The Win Code Winning is as straightforward as landing number symbols on the central payline of a one-row grid with 4 reels, where these numbers work together to create the stake multiplier. The diamond symbol has no value and represents a blank position. Second Chance Respin Landing a Zero or Double Zero anywhere will trigger a free respin and a Second Chance for gold! Cash Respin Cash Respin is triggered randomly after every win, which could increase the size of the prize after respining the remaining reels. Vault Spins Enter the vault when Vault Spins lands on the fourth reel and receive 3 spins. If any spin results in a win the counter is reset to 3 Vault Spins. Feature Buy Can’t wait to break into the Vault? Activate Feature Buy to guarantee landing the Vault Spin scatter and gaining entry, attainable with a purchase of 30x the stake. PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility