Astronaut Slot - Play | 95.69% RTP, 48000 xBet MAX WIN Red Tiger Games Posts Menu games Astronaut Blast into deep space in Astronaut by Red Tiger. Collect Green Crystals to climb the Prize Ladder with rising multipliers. Watch out for Red Crystals—they reset your progress unless the Golden Shield is active. If the Shield breaks, Advanced mode kicks in, unlocking up to 48,000x potential. Stay sharp, navigate the stars, and see how far you can go on this cosmic journey. Demo Playin Coins Assets &amp; embeddings 15-06-2023 Release Date 95.69% RTP Volatility 09.86% Hit Frequency 48 000 x bet Max payout 1x1 Reels/Rows Yes Bonus mode €0.10 / €50.00 Min/Max bet Highlights No highlight clips available for this game yet. Visit our highlights library to see all videos. Winners LIVE Feature buy toggle Game Features Prize Ladder and Symbols Travel through galaxies where nobody has ever been before, as Red Tiger’s Astronaut&#x27;s sole reel spins with three symbols: Green Crystals, Red Crystals or Golden Shield. The Prize Ladder expands on the two sides of the gaming grid, with teleport holes connecting its two ends. As the reels spin, you can move higher and higher up the Prize Ladder, which applies gradually growing win multipliers to your original bet. Green Crystal Whenever you land a Green Crystal, you climb 1 step up as per the Prize Ladder, and the game offers you three options: Continue, Take Half or Collect. CONTINUE: Stay in the game and continue to play with 100% of your potential winnings. TAKE HALF: Caim for half of your bet to be enhanced by the Prize Ladder’s Multiplier and keep spinning with the other half for potentially more wins. COLLECT: Cash out all your winnings. It takes you back to the beginning of the Prize Ladder, reloading the number of Green Crystals, Red Crystals and Golden Shield. Let’s get spinning again. Red Crystal Your original bet and accumulated possible wins are lost whenever you land a Red Crystal without an active Golden Shield. However, if you have a Golden Shield activated, landing a Red Crystal will break the shield and increase the prizes on the ladder. You can then choose to Continue, Take Half or Collect from the level reached. Golden Shield Landing the Golden Shield immediately activates the shield defence. The reel automatically spins and proceeds after each landed Green Crystal to apply a gradually increasing win multiplier to your original bet. The automatic spinning stops when you land a Red Crystal. The Golden Shield gets destroyed as it protects you from the Red Crystal. Here, you are to make the captain’s choice. Will you Continue, Take Half or Collect? Your call, Chief! PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY Evolution Gaming Malta Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registration number C 44213, and registered address at Spinola Park, Level 1, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians, SPK1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under license nr. MGA/CRP/187/2010 (issued on 08/04/2022). Evolution Group is licensed and regulated in a number of jurisdictions. All licences can be found here . Part of Red Tiger Affiliates Back Office Contact Us Playin Home Games Posts Leaderboards Tournaments Affiliates Evolution Corp Corporate site Investor relations Compliance &amp; marketing Careers Client Area All Nolimit City Red Tiger Big Time Gaming NetEnt Sneaky Slots Help &amp; Info FAQ Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility