Iron King Game Rules “Iron King” is a 6 reels and 4 row slot machine with 4,096 ways to win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. A win is created by matching symbols on adjacent reels, regardless of vertical position, from left to right, starting on the leftmost reel. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. All normal winning symbols get destroyed and disappear. Remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the gaps, for new possibilities to win. Mystery symbols can appear in any main game spins. After each cascade all mystery symbols are converted into the same symbol type. Mystery symbols are not destroyed, but always stay for the next cascade. Cascading ends when there are no more destroyed symbols. Wild symbols exist on reels 2–6 and substitute for all normal symbols. Up to 4 bonus symbols can land during a main game round. If there are normal symbols that are destroyed, any bonus symbols on the board also get destroyed and are added to the star meter. Bonus symbols left on the board when there are no more cascades also count toward the star meter. Filling the star meter with 3 bonus symbols triggers normal free spins. Filling the star meter with 4 bonus symbols triggers upgraded free spins. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.32%. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Free Spins Game Rules Collecting 3 or 4 bonus symbols awards free spins. 3 free spins modes are available for selection: Multiplier Ladder Free Spins, Mystery Symbol Free Spins and Expanding Wild Free Spins. When collecting 3 bonus symbols, after making the choice of what free spins mode to play, the player has the option to gamble to win an upgraded variant of the selected free spins mode. The chance is 50/50; if won, the player is awarded the upgraded variant of the selected free spins mode, and if lost, the player is taken back to the main game, left with possible wins from the triggering main game spin. When collecting 4 bonus symbols, the player is directly awarded a selection of the upgraded variants of the different free spins modes. Mystery Symbol Free Spins Rules 6 free spins are awarded. Mystery symbols can land on reels 2–5. After each cascade, all mystery symbols reveal the same symbol type. Mystery symbols are never destroyed, instead they turn back into their original state and reveal a new symbol type after each cascade. Mystery symbols are persistent between spins. In any new spin, mystery symbols from the previous spin are dropped to the bottom of the reels. There is an Expand bomb symbol present on reel 6. Landing it opens up another row on reels 2–5 and gives 3 additional spins. The symbol itself is destroyed right after it has landed. The middle four reels can expand to at most 7 high, creating up to 38416 ways to win. There exists an extra spins symbol on all reels. Landing it awards 2 extra spins. Upgraded Mystery Symbol Free Spins Rules The upgraded variant of this free spins mode starts with 4 mystery symbols, one in each of reels 2–5. Multiplier Ladder Free Spins Rules 8 free spins are awarded. Above the reels is a list of multipliers: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 11x, 12x, 13x, 14x, 15x, 16x, 17x, 18x, 19x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, 45x, 50x, 60x, 70x, 80x, 90x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 300x, 400x, 500x. The multiplier starts at 1x. For each new spin started after the first, and for every cascade that occurs, the multiplier moves one step on the list up to a maximum of 500x. When reaching 500x, the multiplier stays at that level for the remainder of free spins. When reaching certain multipliers, additional spins are awarded: Reaching 15x awards 3 extra spins, reaching 20x awards 1 extra spin and reaching each of 50x, 100x or 500x awards 2 extra spins. There exists an extra spins symbol on all reels. Landing it awards 1 extra spin. Upgraded Multiplier Ladder Free Spins Rules The upgraded variant of this free spins mode starts with 9 spins instead of the regular 8. Expanding Wild Free Spins Rules 7 free spins are awarded. The multiplier starts at 1x. Wild symbols exist on reels 2–5. Every wild symbol that appears expands downward to create new wild symbols on possible positions below it. Every resulting wild on the screen increases the multiplier by 1x. There exists an extra spins symbol on all reels. Landing it awards 3 extra spins. Upgraded Expanding Wild Free Spins Rules The upgraded variant of this free spins mode starts with a 10x multiplier, instead of the regular 1x. Buy Bonus Game Rules The ‘Buy Bonus’ can only be activated in the main game. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the bonus bet is 97.00%. The ‘Buy Bonus’ is played at 80x your regular bet. Activation of the ‘Buy Bonus’ takes the player directly to the free spins mode selection, where the player is awarded the normal variants of free spins, with an option to gamble for the upgraded variants. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Last modification date: 2/29/2024