Dead Riders Trail General “Dead Rider’s Trail” is a 6 reels and 6 rows slot machine with 46 656 ways to win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel constitutes a pay way win. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. The wild symbols substitute for all normal symbols. Wild symbols exist on reels 2–6. At the beginning of every spin, there are between 3 and 24 stone blocks present on the reel area. All winning symbols as well as stone blocks directly to the left of, right of, above or below winning symbols get destroyed and disappear, remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the gaps, for new possibilities to win. This process is repeated until there are no more wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) Once a spin has been initiated the bet-level for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The English version of the game rules prevails. Feature wheel If all stone blocks are destroyed during a round, the feature wheel is awarded. The feature wheel will trigger one of four possible features: 4 Free Spins, 7 Free Spins, the Bonus Trail or the Super Bonus Trail. If Free Spins are won, the player gets the option to gamble their Free Spins for a chance to win the Bonus Trail. If successful, the player is awarded the Bonus Trail; if unsuccessful, the player is taken back to the main game. The chance to succeed with the gamble is 33% if 4 Free Spins were won and 52% if 7 Free Spins were won. Free Spins In Free Spins, a bomb is attached to some stone blocks. Any adjacent win to a bomb activates the bomb feature. Exploding bombs will cover the entire reel and transform all symbols on that reel to the same kind. The transformed symbol will always be the one that generates the largest win. If no wins are possible, the transformed symbol will be a random one. If all stone blocks are cleared during a spin, 3 extra spins are awarded. Bonus Trail The Bonus Trail feature is a board game where a player pawn moves around clockwise in a sequence of moves. The board game consists of 39 tiles, 22 along the main trail and 8, 8 and 1, respectively, along each of the three side trails available. The third side trail links the other two side trails together. The tiles can be one of five types: Normal Tile Silver Truck Tile — tiles 4 and 21 along the main trail; and tiles 3 and 6 on each of the first two side trails hold Silver Trucks. Golden Truck Tile — tile 1 on the third side trail holds a Golden Truck. The Normal Tiles each show a coin value expressed as a multiple of the (reference) bet size used. The pawn moves between 1 and 6 steps each turn, taking its first step right in front of the road barrier. The player starts with three units of fuel. For each turn, one unit is removed. Some tiles contain fuel cans; if landing on such a tile, the fuel meter will refill to three units. Permanent fuel cans exist on all Silver and Golden Truck tiles, as well as all entry points to the side trails — these will stay even after being used. Normal fuel cans initially exist on 8–11 other random tiles — when these are used, they are removed from the tile. Each time the pawn goes a full lap around, passing the road barrier, one unit of fuel is added to the fuel meter. When the fuel meter is empty, and fuel is not refilled, the Bonus Trail feature ends. Depending on what type of tile the pawn lands on, one of the following happens: Normal Tile: The coin value shown is added to the total win. Silver Truck Tile: Triggers a special action (see below). Golden Truck Tile: Triggers a persistent special action, or the ‘Collect All’ feature. When landing the pawn on a tile just next to the entry of a side trail, the pawn moves into the end trail in the next turn. When the pawn exits the side trail, it continues on the tile that connects to the exit of the side trail. Landing on a Silver Truck Tile awards one of the following: Cash — Awards a win of 25, 30, 35, 40, 45 or 50 times the reference bet size which is added directly to the total win. Sniper — targets 3–6 Normal Tiles and multiplies the value of each of those by 2. It can be applied to the same tile multiple times. Payer — reveals a value between 3 and 10, and adds this value to each Normal Tile. Two-Knife — reveals a value of either 50, 75, 100, 150 or 200, and adds this value to 2–4 randomly picked Normal Tiles on the board. Refuel — Fuel cans are placed on 2–4 Normal Tiles not containing any fuel cans. Shoot back — The current accumulated win is added to 1–3 Normal Tiles. Collect — Sums up the values from the 2 Normal Tiles in front of, and the 2 Normal Tiles behind, the current position, and adds the sum to the total win. Collect All — Sums up the values from all Normal Tiles on the board and adds the sum to the total win. Persistent Sniper — Works just like a normal Sniper, but acts at the end of each turn until the Bonus Trail feature is over. Its multiplier may be upgraded by landing normal Snipers (see below). Persistent Payer — Works just like a normal Payer, but acts at the end of each turn until the Bonus Trail feature is over. Persistent Two-Knife — Works just like a normal Two-Knife, but acts at the end of each turn, by targeting exactly one tile per turn, until the Bonus Trail feature is over. Landing on a Golden Truck Tile awards either one of the three persistent features, or the Collect All feature. At most one persistent action of each type can be awarded through the Trucks. The corresponding normal variants can upgrade their persistent counterparts: The Sniper will increase the multiplier of the Persistent Sniper by 2. The revealed value drawn from a Payer is added to the present value of an active persistent Payer. The revealed value drawn from a Two-Knife is added to the present value of an active persistent Two-Knife. Multiple active persistent actions occur in the reverse order in which they were triggered, the newest one acts first. Each Normal Tile has a cap of 1 000. The Bonus Trail feature has a cap of 50 000 times the reference bet. Should this amount or more be collected, the Bonus Trail feature ends and the player is awarded 50 000 times the reference bet size. Super Bonus Trail The Super Bonus Trail feature works the same way as the normal Bonus Trail feature, but the Silver Truck in the fourth position is replaced by a Golden Truck. Buy Bonus Game Rules The ‘Buy Bonus’ can only be activated in the main game. There are three buy bonus options: The Feature Wheel can be bought for 51x the reference bet size. The Bonus Trail can be bought for 92x the reference bet size. The Super Bonus Trail can be bought for 256x the reference bet size. When buying a feature, the player is taken directly to that feature; no main game round is played. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 10/8/2024