Great Western Express 4 “Great Western Express 4” is a 6 columns and 4 rows slot machine with the potential to open 4 more rows. In re-spins, each scatter symbol holds a coin value. At the end of re-spins, the sum of all present coin values are paid out to the player. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Re-spin Feature Game Rules 3 or more symbols are needed to trigger the re-spin. Triggering symbols can land anywhere on the active reel. Special symbols (gold symbols) contribute to triggering the re-spin feature. When the feature is triggered, the symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value. When the feature is triggered, the Special (Gold) symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value and play their action before the first spin. Unlocking rows is done by either landing an Unlocker or filling an entire row with symbols. All values in the feature will be displayed as coin values. The round always starts with 3 spins and each time a new symbol is landed, the spin count resets. Each symbol in the Re-spin Feature has its own behaviour: Bonus Symbol - Reveals a value between 1 and 10 coins. Collector - Collects all visible values on the reels and adds them to its own value. Persistent Collector - Collects all visible values on the reels and adds them to its own value at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. This symbol does not collect its own value. Adjacent Collector - Collects all the values from the 8 adjacent positions to its own value, providing symbols exist in those positions. Persistent Adjacent Collector - Collects all the values from the 8 adjacent positions to its own value. At the end of that spin and every spin that follows. This symbol does not collect its own value, providing symbols exist in those positions. Payer - Reveals a value and adds it to all other visible symbols on the reels. Persistent Payer - Reveals a value and then adds it to all other visible symbols on the reels for that spin and every spin that follows. This symbol does not pay itself. Adjacent Payer - Reveals a value and adds its value to all adjacent symbols, providing symbols exist in those positions. This feature can target a maximum of 8 symbol positions. Persistent Adjacent Payer - Reveals a value and then adds it to all adjacent symbols at the end of that spin and every spin that follows, providing symbols exist in those positions. This feature can target a maximum of 8 symbol positions. Sniper - Doubles the values of 3 to 8 other symbols. It can act on the same symbol several times. Persistent Sniper - Doubles the values of 3 to 8 other symbols at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. It can act on the same symbol several times. Collector–Payer - Selects between 3 and 5 symbols as targets, adds their values to its own and then pays out its updated value to each of those targets. Persistent Collector–Payer - Selects between 3 and 5 symbols as targets at the end of each spin, adds their values to its own and then pays out its updated value to each of those targets. Arms Dealer - Converts 1 to 4 Bonus Symbols into any of the following feature symbols– Collector, Payer, Adjacent Collector, Adjacent Payer, Sniper or Collector Payer. After the conversion the new feature symbol will perform it’s action. Persistent Arms Dealer - Converts 1 Bonus Symbol into one of the following feature symbol at the end of that spin and every spin that follows– Collector, Payer, Adjacent Collector, Adjacent Payer, Sniper or Collector Payer. After the conversion the new feature symbol will perform it’s action. Necromancer - Brings between 2 and 7 already used non persistent special bonus symbols to life again. The same symbol can be targeted several times. This feature can revive Collector, Payer, Adjacent Collector, Adjacent Payer, Sniper or Collector Payer at all times if visible on the reel. This feature can only revive the Arms Dealer if there exists at least one Bonus Symbol for it to target. This feature can only revive an Unlocker if a locked row exists. This feature will only revive an Upgrader if there exists at least one upgradable feature symbol that doesn’t include the triggering Necromancer. Persistent Necromancer - Brings between 1 and 7 already used non persistent special bonus symbols to life again at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. The same symbol can be targeted several times. This feature can revive Collector, Payer, Adjacent Collector, Adjacent Payer, Sniper or Collector Payer at all times if visible on the reel. This feature can only revive the Arms Dealer if there exists at least one Bonus Symbol for it to target. This feature can only revive an Unlocker if a locked row exists. This feature will only revive an Upgrader if there exists at least one upgradable feature symbol that doesn’t include the triggering Persistent Necromancer. Persistent Shapeshifter - Turns into one of the following features after every spin Collector, Payer, Sniper, Collector Payer, Arms Dealer or Unlocker. This feature can only become the Arms Dealer if there exists at least one Bonus Symbol for it to target. This feature can only become an Unlocker if a locked row exists. This feature will only revive an Upgrader if there exists at least one upgradable feature symbol. Unlocker - Unlocks a locked row. Reset Plus - Increases the reset value of the spins left count by one. It's only possible to land 1 Reset Plus per bonus round. Upgrader - Upgrades 1 to 3 feature symbols into their Persistent version. All special bonus symbols reveal a value before performing their action. If there are several special bonus symbols to act, they act in the order from top row to bottom row, and within each row from the leftmost to the rightmost position. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay/Quickspin is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay/quickspin button icons where applicable. Quick spin mode, where the total spin time is shorter. When quick spin mode is active, the arrow symbols are turned green, and when clicked again, quick spin mode is deactivated. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 12/31/2024