Great Western Express 3 Game Rules Great Western Express 3 is a 5 columns and 4 rows slot machine with potential to open 2 new columns in the re-spin feature. In re-spins, each scatter symbol holds a coin value. At the end of re-spins, the sum of all present values are paid out to the player. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Re-Spin Feature Game Rules 3 or more symbols are needed to trigger the re-spin. Symbols can land anywhere on the reel. Special symbols (gold symbols) contribute to triggering the re-spin feature. When the feature is triggered, the symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value. When the feature is triggered, the Special (Gold) symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value and play their action before the first spin. All values in the feature will be displayed as coin values. The round always starts with 3 spins and each time a new symbol is landed, the spin count resets. Each symbol in the Re-spin Feature has its own behaviour: Coin Symbol - Reveals a value between 1 and 10 coins. Collector - Collects all visible values on the reels and adds them to its own value. Collector/Payer - Selects 3 to 5 symbols as targets, adds their values to its own and then pays out its updated value to each of those targets. Sniper - Doubles the values of 3 to 8 other symbols. It can act on the same symbol several times. Necromancer - Brings between 2 to 7 already used non persistent special symbols to life again (Collector, Collector-Payer, Sniper, Tommy Gun Sniper or Tommy Gun Payer). It can act on the same symbol several times. Absorber - Absorbs all Normal Symbols and removes them from the reels. Special Symbols cannot be absorbed. Tommy Gun Sniper - Targets one randomly picked symbol, doubling its value from 2 to 6 times. Tommy Gun Payer - Reveals a coin value from 5 to 100 and targets one randomly picked symbol, adding the revealed value from 3 to 10 times. Persistent Collector - Collects all visible values on the reels and adds them to its own value at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. This symbol does not collect its own value. Persistent Sniper - Doubles the values of 3 to 8 other symbols at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. It can act on the same symbol several times Persistent Collector-Payer - Selects from 3 to 5 symbols as targets at the end of each spin, adds their values to its own and then pays out its updated value to each of those targets. Persistent Necromancer - Brings between 1 to 7 already used non persistent special symbols to life again (Collector, Collector-Payer, Sniper, Tommy Gun Sniper or Tommy Gun Payer). Same symbol can be targeted several times. Persistent Shapeshifter - Turns into a different special after every spin. (Collector, Collector-Payer, Sniper, Tommy Gun Sniper or Tommy Gun Payer). All special symbols except the Tommy-Gun Payer reveal the coin value of 1 before performing their actions. If there are several special symbols to act, they act in the order from top row to bottom row, and within each row from the leftmost to the rightmost position. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay/Quickspin is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay/quickspin button icons where applicable. Quick spin mode, where the total spin time is shorter. When quick spin mode is active, the arrow symbols are turned green, and when clicked again, quick spin mode is deactivated. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 12/10/2024