It's Time Game Rules “IT’S TIME” is a 6 reels and 4 rows slot machine with 40 pay lines. The game is always played with all pay lines active. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest paying combination for each payline is paid. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. Wins on multiple paylines are added. Once a spin has been initiated the bet-level for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels for pay line wins. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.74%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Hot Spot Feature A hot spot, enclosing the middle four positions, positions on reels 3 and 4 on rows 2 and 3, can randomly appear. Should the same fighter symbol land in all four positions of the hot spot, a re-spin is awarded. In the re-spin, the four symbols in the hot spot lock in and become sticky wilds and all other instances of that symbol are turned into wild on the reels. It is not possible to trigger the Fighter or Buffer Bonus when the Hot Spot is active, nor during the re-spin. Fighter Bonus Game Rules Landing two different fully stacked fighter symbols on reel 1 and reel 6 will trigger the Fighter Bonus. Once the bonus is triggered, the triggering symbols and any of the same symbol which is visible on the reels will be carried into the bonus game. Once the bonus game has been triggered, 5 Re-Spins will be awarded. During the bonus game only the triggering symbols will be available from the base game. All fighter symbols appearing, will stick in its place and stay there until the bonus game is over, or until they are overwritten by another fighter through the ‘action symbols’. During the bonus game new ‘action symbols’ are added to the reels Upgrade -Increases the Multiplier by +1x and also turns itself into the relevant symbol Left - Turns itself and one or two of the symbols to the left into the relevant fighter Right - Turns itself and one or two of the symbols to the right into the relevant fighter Diagonal - Turns itself and all 4 diagonally placed positions into the relevant fighter ‘Action symbols’ appearing on reels 2 and 3, belong to the left fighter, and creates overlay sticky fighter symbols of that symbol type. ‘Action symbols’ appearing on reels 4 and 5 belong to the right fighter. Should there be a clash between two ‘action symbols’, meaning they would create two different fighter symbols in the same spot, then the higher valued fighter symbol has precedence, and the resulting fighter symbol in the mentioned place would become that fighter. The winner of the bonus round is the symbol that has taken up the most positions on the reels. In the case where there is a tie in the number of positions taken up by the two fighters, the higher valued symbol fighter will win. Once the winner has been determined, all losing symbols will be replaced with the winner and the payout for that win (if any) will be awarded. If the multiplier is higher than 1x, that is applied to the total win. The English version of the game rules prevails. Buffer Bonus Game Rules Landing two fully stacked Bruce Buffer symbols on reel 1 and reel 6 will trigger the Buffer Bonus. Once the bonus game is triggered, the triggering symbols and any of the same symbol which is visible on the reels will be carried into the bonus game. Once the bonus game has been triggered, 3 Re-Spins will be awarded. Landing any new symbol will make that symbol stick and reset the spin count to 3. During the bonus game only the Bruce Buffer symbols will be available from the base game. During the bonus game new ‘action symbols’ are added to the reels Upgrade -Increases the Multiplier by +1x and also turns itself into the relevant symbol Left - Turns itself and one or two of the symbols to the left into the relevant fighter Right - Turns itself and one or two of the symbols to the right into the relevant fighter Diagonal - Turns itself and all 4 diagonally placed positions into the relevant fighter The bonus game ends when no new symbols have landed for three consecutive re-spins, or when all empty symbol positions have been filled with Bruce Buffer symbols. Once the bonus game has ended all wins will be evaluated (if any) and awarded. If the multiplier is higher than 1x, that is applied to the total win. The English version of the game rules prevails. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. To make sure the game will continue when on autoplay, the game will continue automatically after a set amount of time. This can be turned off in the setting menu.