Net Gains Net Gains Game Rules “Net Gains” is a 6 reels and 4 row slot machine with 4,096 ways to win. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.10%. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the bonus bet is 96.50%. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. A win is created by matching symbols on adjacent reels, regardless of vertical position, from left to right, starting on the leftmost reel. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. All normal winning symbols get destroyed and disappear. Remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the gaps, for new possibilities to win. Mystery symbols can appear in any main game spins. After each cascade, all mystery symbols are converted into the same symbol type. Mystery symbols are not destroyed, but always stay for the next cascade. Cascading ends when there are no more destroyed symbols. Wild symbols exist on reels 2–6 and substitute for all normal symbols. Up to 3 bonus symbols can land during a main game round. If there are normal symbols that are destroyed, any bonus symbols on the board also get destroyed and are added to the star meter. Bonus symbols left on the board when there are no more cascades also count toward the star meter. Filling the star meter with 3 bonus symbols triggers free spins. The third bonus symbol may appear during the reveal in one of the mystery symbols. When that happens, it is collected to the meter and the mystery symbol switches to show the same symbol as the rest of the mystery symbols. There is an optional extra bet, the ‘Special Bet’, costing +20% on top of the regular bet. When active, bonus symbols are more frequent, leading to an 82% higher chance of triggering free spins. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Win up to 15000x bet Free Spins Game Rules Collecting 3 bonus symbols awards free spins. Three free spins modes are available for selection: Sticky Mystery Free Spins, Stacked Wilds Free Spins and Coin Collection Free Spins. Landing an extra spins symbol awards +2 spins. The symbol is destroyed if there are other symbols being destroyed. Hot Mode can be triggered randomly in any free spins session. When in Hot Mode, there is an increased chance of winning big. Sticky Mystery Free Spins Rules 5 free spins are awarded. Mystery symbols can land on reels 2–6. After each cascade, all mystery symbols reveal the same symbol type. There are three different mystery symbol types: normal, octopus and bomb. Any octopus mystery symbol appearing will reveal a symbol type, all symbols of the same type on reels 2–6 will convert to mystery symbols. The octopus mystery symbol will convert to a normal mystery symbol after it has acted. A bomb mystery symbol appearing will reveal a symbol, just like the other mystery symbols, but will afterwards destroy any normal symbols not being included in wins. It will convert to a normal mystery symbol after it has acted. Every winning generation will add 1 to a meter. For every third addition to the meter, one extra spin is awarded and one additional mystery symbol is added at the end of the spin. The meter is not reset between spins. Stacked Wilds Free Spins Rules 7 free spins are awarded. Two types of wilds exist on reels 2–6: multiplier wilds and countdown wild. Multiplier wilds have a multiplier between 2x and 5x on them. Countdown wilds always start with a counter of 3. For every generation they are included in a win, their counter goes down by 1. They are destroyed when the counter is at 1 and they are included in a win. Countdown wilds that have not been destroyed at the end of a spin are kept and cascade down to the bottom in the next spin, should there be spins left. Coin Collection Free Spins Rules 8 free spins are awarded. Coin symbols can appear on any reels. They carry a value expressed in times bet. There are three different tiers of coins: BRONZE, SILVER and GOLD. BRONZE coins can have a value between 1x and 40x; SILVER coins can have a value between 3x and 100x; and GOLD coins can have a value between 10x and 2500x. A collector can land on reel 6 on the initial drop, or on any reel on any subsequent cascade. Landing a collector destroys all coin symbols on the reels and awards the sum of their values to the player. Additional coins can land on subsequent cascades, which will then also be collected. There is a special type of collector that can land: the persistent collector. This works the same way as a normal collector, but it will fall down to the bottom of its reel and stay in place for all remaining free spins, and it collects all coins in those spins. Landing a persistent collector also awards 5 extra spins. There can be at most one collector in a single spin. If there are 4 or more coins simultaneously on the screen and there are no collectors, all coins are destroyed and the sum of their values are stored on the side. Should a collector land in a later cascade, this stored sum is awarded to the player. Any coin that lands adds 1 to a meter. This happens regardless of whether the coin is collected or not. The range the different coin types will have in a spin depends on the progression on the meter and is indicated on the coin icons next to the reels. Every time the meter reaches 10, 1 extra spin is awarded and the ranges for all of the coin tiers are increased. After 5 completed collections, the ranges are not increased further, but an extra spin is still awarded for any completion. Buy Bonus Game Rules The ‘Buy Bonus’ can only be activated in the main game. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the bonus bet is 96.50%. The ‘Buy Bonus’ is played at 100x your regular bet. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. To make sure the game will continue when waiting for player input, the game will auto continue automatically after a set amount of time. This can be turned off in the settings menu. Last modification date: 5/23/2024