Epic Joker Game Rules “EPIC JOKER'' is a 3 reels, 3 rows slot machine with 5 pay lines. The game is always played with all 5 pay lines active. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest paying combination for each payline is paid. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. Wins on multiple paylines are added. Once a spin has been initiated the bet-level for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels. The theoretical return to player for this game is 97%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) If the same symbol appears on all 9 positions in the base game, SUPER MODE is triggered, awarding 5 SUPER MODE spins. If the same symbol (excluding joker) appears on all 9 positions in SUPER MODE, SUPER MODE is re-triggered with an additional 5 Free Spins. If one or two full joker stacks appear on any of the reels, the joker stacks stick and the player is awarded one JOKER RE-SPIN. Should a second joker stack appear during the JOKER RE-SPIN, both joker stacks stick and a second JOKER RE-SPIN is awarded. A third joker stack will not grant further JOKER RE-SPINs, but will instead award 500 x bet, according to the paytable. The joker symbol only occurs on the SUPER MODE and JOKER RE-SPIN reels. The English version of the game rules prevails. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 1/3/2024