Snake Arena Game Rules "Snake Arena" is a 5 reels and 5 rows slot machine with 30 pay lines. The game is always played with all pay lines active. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.25%. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest paying combination for each payline is paid. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. Wins on multiple paylines are added. Once a spin has been initiated the bet-level for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Free Spins Feature Landing the snakehead on reel 1 and a Knight symbol on any reel triggers the feature. During the Free Spins feature, a Knight symbol will land on every spin. New spins are awarded until reel 2-5 is filled up by the snake or the snake crashes into itself. Before a new spin the snake will move towards the knight. The snake will take the shortest possible path using at most one turn, disregarding the initial orientation of the snakehead. If there are two such paths, the following applies: If possible, the snake will always take a path that makes it reach the knight. If both paths would reach the knight, it will randomly choose one of them. If none of the two paths reaches the knight, the snake will crash into itself and no more spins will be awarded. Wild Chase feature The "Wild Chase" feature can randomly appear during a spin. The snake peeks out above one random reel, and the knight peeks out below one reel simultaneously. This is repeated up to three times. If they peek at the same reels, that reel becomes wild, and the process is repeated. If they haven"t matched on the third try, there will be no more wild reels, the reels stop and possible wins are awarded. The "Wild Chase" feature awards 1-5 wild reels. Buying "Free Spins" Buying "Free Spins" can only be done in the base game. Bought "Free Spins" is played at 70x your regular bet. Buying "Free Spins" guarantees triggering the "Free Spins" feature. The theoretical return to player for the buy feature is 96.25%. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Last modification date: 1/31/2024