Ancient Tumble “Ancient Tumble” is a 6 reels and 6 rows slot machine with 46 656 ways to win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel constitutes a pay way win. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Wild symbols and Unbreakable Wild symbols substitute for all regular symbols. Both types of wild symbols can appear on reels 2–6. At the beginning of every spin, there are up to 24 stone blocks present on the reel area. All winning symbols, as well as stone blocks directly to the left of, right of, above or below winning symbols, get destroyed, remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the gaps, for new possibilities to win. This process is repeated until there are no more wins. There are four different main game bet types: normal spins, enhanced spins, coin spins and colossal spins. Enhanced spins are played at 1.5 times the normal bet, coin spins are played at 5 times the normal bet and colossal spins are played at 7 times the normal bet. In normal spins and enhanced spins, any destroyed stone blocks may reveal an Unbreakable Wild. There are more Unbreakable Wilds appearing in enhanced spins, which gives a higher chance of winning big and triggering Free Spins. After each winning cascade, all present Unbreakable Wilds will fall down and destroy the symbol underneath, should it be a regular symbol. Unbreakable Wilds will not destroy any stone blocks, coin symbols or other Unbreakable Wilds. Once an Unbreakable Wild reaches the bottom row, it will stay there until it is included in a win, or until the spin is over. In coin spins, between 3 and 14 coin stone blocks appear in every spin. When a coin stone block is destroyed, it is replaced by a coin symbol. At the end of the spin, any coin symbols present will each reveal a win between 1 and 25 times the bet. Coin symbols may drop in during cascades during coin spins. In coin spins, a coin multiplier stone block may land on the reels, carrying a value between 5 and 25. Should it be destroyed, it reveals a coin multiplier with the corresponding value. In coin spins, if there is not already a coin multiplier nor a coin multiplier stone block present, a coin multiplier carrying a value between 2 and 25 may drop in during one of the cascades. At the end of the spin, any coin multiplier present will multiply the win of all coin symbols by its value, before the win is awarded to the player. In each colossal spin, one colossal symbol, sized between 2x2 and 5x5 the size of normal symbols, appears on the initial drop. Colossal symbols are equivalent to the number of normal symbols that the space contains. For example, a 2x2 symbol is equivalent to 4 normal sized symbols. In each cascade in colossal spins, a new colossal symbol will appear, if one can fit in the void created. If all stone blocks (normal stone blocks as well as any coin stone blocks) are destroyed, Free Spins are triggered. In any normal spin, enhanced spin or colossal spin, a golden spin might randomly occur, which makes all stone blocks golden. Golden Spins give a higher chance to win, and if all stone blocks are destroyed, Super Free Spins are triggered instead of regular Free Spins. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.10%. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market). The English version of the game rules prevails. Free Spins When regular Free Spins are triggered, the player gets to select between 4 different Free Spins modes: COIN FREE SPINS, CLASSIC FREE SPINS, COLOSSAL FREE SPINS or MULTIPLIER LADDER FREE SPINS. At the start of Free Spins, 6 spins are awarded. If all stone blocks are destroyed during Free Spins, 3 additional spins are awarded. Coin Free Spins Coin Free Spins act the same way as the Coin Spin. Classic Free Spins In Classic Free Spins, the multiplier starts at x1. There are special stone blocks present, some of which contain extra spins and some of which contain additional multipliers. Destroying an extra spins stone block awards between 1 and 3 additional spins. Destroying a multiplier stone block adds between x1 and x3 to the multiplier. Any normal stone block on reels 2–6 that is destroyed may reveal an Unbreakable Wild. Colossal Free Spins Colossal Free Spins act the same way as the Colossal Spin. Multiplier Ladder Free Spins In Multiplier Ladder Free Spins, there is a multiplier ladder of 31 steps, containing the following multipliers: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10, x12, x14, x16, x18, x20, x25, x30, x35, x40, x45, x50, x55, x60, x65, x70, x75, x80, x85, x90, x95 and x100. The multiplier starts at x1, and moves up one step after every winning cascade, and also before every new spin following the first one. The maximum multiplier is x100, once reached, the multiplier remains at x100 for the remainder of Free Spins. Some levels contain extra spins which are awarded once reached: x10, x20, x50 each awards 1 additional spin, while x100 awards 2 additional spins. Super Free Spins At the start of Super Free Spins, 6 spins are awarded. If all stone blocks are destroyed during Super Free Spins, 3 additional spins are awarded. Super Free Spins contain elements from all the regular Free Spins modes: Coin stone blocks may be present and coin symbols may come in during cascades. Extra spins stone blocks and multiplier stone blocks may be present. The multiplier ladder is present. The current multiplier multiplies any win, including wins from coins. Destroying a multiplier stone block progresses the multiplier ladder by one step. Colossal symbols may come in during the initial drop as well as during the cascades. Any normal stone block on reels 2–6 can reveal an Unbreakable Wild. Upgrade Spins Rules The player may select to play any of three available Upgrade Spins: Enhanced Spin, Coin Spin or Colossal Spin. The cost for these three are 1.5 times, 5 times and 7 times the normal bet, respectively. The theoretical return to player for the Upgrade Spins is 96.10%. Buy Feature Game Rules ‘Buy Free Spins’ and ‘Buy Super Free Spins’ can only be activated in the base game. ‘Buy Free Spins’ costs 50 times the normal bet and takes the player directly to the Free Spins selection screen. ‘Buy Super Free Spins’ costs 400 times the normal bet and takes the player directly to Super Free Spins. The theoretical return to player for the buy feature is 96.50%. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay/Quickspin is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay/quickspin button icons where applicable. Quick spin mode, where the total spin time is shorter. When quick spin mode is active, the arrow symbols are turned green, and when clicked again, quick spin mode is deactivated. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 1/9/2025