Iron Bank Game Rules "Iron Bank" is a 6 reels and 4 row slot machine with 4,096 ways to win. Full Reel Wilds can land on reels 2 - 5 and cover the entire reel. These wilds have a multiplier ranging between 2 - 10 and multiply each other when more than one contributes to a win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the right constitutes a pay way win. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Wild symbols exist on reels 2-6 and substitute for all normal symbols. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.20%. The theoretical return to player for the buy feature is 97.00%. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Random Feature Game Rules The random bonus symbols, Full Reel Wilds & random mystery symbols feature can be awarded at the beginning of any main game spin. 1 - 3 random bonus symbols can be applied to the reels before coming to a stop, increasing the chance of triggering free spins or awarding them when 3 land. Mystery symbols can be added to the reels at the start of each spin, indicated by a dimming of the game area and mystery symbols can visually be seen spinning through the reels before coming to a stop. Once the reels come to a stop, all mystery symbols in view transform to the same symbol. Free Spins Game Rules Landing 3 or more bonus symbols awards free spins. 3 free spins modes are available for selection: Mystery Symbols Free Spins, Expanding Wilds Free Spins and Multiplier collect Free Spins. 4, 5 or 6 BONUS symbols landing awards a win of 20x, 200x and 2000x stake respectively. Mystery Symbol Free Spins Rules 8 free spins are awarded. Before the free spins start, a symbol is randomly selected to become the mystery symbol. When the selected symbol lands anywhere across reels 2 - 6, it sticks and converts to a persistent mystery symbol. All mystery symbols convert to the same symbol when revealing after each spin. If a symbol selected to become a sticky mystery symbol is part of a winning combination when initially landing, the win is paid prior to the conversion taking place and another win evaluation is made after the conversion. Each reel filled with mystery symbols awards 1 additional free spin. Expanding Wild Free Spins Rules 10 free spins are awarded. Wilds landing on reels 3 and 4 expand to fill the reel and award a re-spin, the wild multiplier increases by 1 every time a win is made including the expanding wild. Re-spins continue as long as a win is made or if a second wild lands on reels 3 or 4. Wins including both expanding wilds are multiplied by both multipliers indicated on the wilds. Multiplier Collect Free Spins Rules 12 free spins are awarded. Reels 2 - 5 are special reels which contain coconut symbols and Multiplier collects. Coconut crates landing contribute 1 - 3 coconuts toward the coconut shooter above each reel 2 - 5. Every 2 coconuts collected increases the multiplier associated to that reel's wild symbol and contributes 1 notch to the red progression meter. The wild's multiplier value is displayed on top of the reel and on the wild symbol itself. When all 3 red notches in a progression meter is filled, 3 additional free spins are awarded and the progression meter resets. Wins including several wilds are multiplied by each of the multiplier values displayed. A wild with a multiplier effectively functions like a stack of as many wilds as the multiplier number. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 6/25/2024