Book of Power Game Rules "Book of Power" is a 5 columns and 3 rows slot machine with 10 pay lines. The game is always played with all pay lines active. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest paying combinations for each payline, starting from the leftmost reel. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. Wins on multiple paylines are added. The Book Symbols substitute for all symbols except the special Expanding Symbol in Free Spins. If the sum of all wins exceeds 15000x, the player is awarded 15000x bet. The Power Bet, costing +100% on top of the regular bet, is available. When active, Free Spin triggers are more frequent, and there is a chance to trigger Power Free Spins. If regular Free Spins is triggered when Power Bet is active, the player may chose to lose the regular Free Spins to gamble for the chance of instead triggering Power Free Spins. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.11%. When playing with the Power Bet active, the return to player is 96.11%. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Free Spins Landing 3 Book Symbols will award 10 free spins, 4 books awards 15 free spins and 5 books awards 20 free spins. One of the 9 regular symbols is randomly chosen to be a special Expanding Symbol for the duration of Free Spins. For each spin, any normal wins are paid out first. Then, if there are enough of the special Expanding Symbols (2 for high paying symbols and 3 for low paying symbols), they expand to cover the whole reel and pay out for each of the 10 lines, regardless of their horizontal position, according to the number of symbols and the corresponding pay table value. Note that any existing Book Symbols are disregarded for the Expanding Symbol payout. If multiple special symbols exist, this is done sequentially for each of the special symbols. Landing 2 or more Book symbols in a spin awards an additional 5 spins. Every additional Book symbol that landed beyond the second awards an additional 5 spins. Whenever any extra spins are awarded, one of the regular symbols is chosen as an additional Expanding Symbol. If the symbol chosen is already a Expanding Symbol it is instead given a multiplier that increases by one every time the symbol is chosen. This multiplier may never go above 9. Any changes in Expanding Symbol or multipliers take effect starting in the following spin. POWER FREE SPINS Landing 3 Book symbols, one of those being a Power Book symbol, will award 10 power free spins, 4 books awards 15 power free spins and 5 books awards 20 power free spins. One of the 9 regular symbols is randomly chosen to be a Expanding Symbol for the duration of Power Free Spins. For each spin, any normal wins are paid out first. Then, if there are enough of the Expanding Symbol (2 for high paying symbols and 3 for low paying symbols), they expand to cover the whole reel and pay out for each of the 10 lines, regardless of their horizontal position, according to the number of symbols and the corresponding pay table value. Note that any existing book symbols are disregarded for the expanded special symbol payout. Landing 2 or more Book symbols in a spin awards an additional 5 spins. Every additional Book symbol that landed beyond the second awards an additional 5 spins. Whenever any extra spins are awarded, the Expanding Symbol is upgraded to the next more valuable symbol. If the Expanding Symbol is already the most valuable symbol, that symbol is instead given a multiplier that increases by one every time an upgrade should occur. This multiplier may never go above 9. Any changes in Expanding Symbols or multipliers take effect starting in the following spin. The Power Book may land during any spin in Power Free Spin on reel 2, 3 and 4. Landing a Power Book turns the corresponding reel golden for the remainder of the Power Free Spins session. A golden reel counts as if the Expanding Symbol had landed on the reel, even when that is not the case. Feature Buy The ‘Buy Feature’ can only be activated in the main game. Two versions of the Buy Feature exist, one that triggers Free Spins, and one that triggers Power Free Spins. The theoretical return to player for both versions of Feature Buy is 96.50%. The Buy Feature is played at 100x your regular bet for Free Spins, and 200x your regular bet for Power Free Spins. Activation of the Buy Feature guarantees a minimum of 3 Book symbols and entry to Free Spins. In the Power Free Spins version, one of the Book symbols is guaranteed to be the Power Book symbol. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 4/16/2024