Wild Chapo Game Rules “Wild Chapo” is a 5 columns and 3 rows slot machine with 15 pay lines. The game is always played with all pay lines active. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest paying combination for each payline is paid. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. Wins on multiple paylines are added. Once a spin has been initiated the bet-level for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols when evaluating wins. The game features an expanding wild. When landing this symbol, it will always expand upwards. (In a situation where there would be no win, the symbol will not expand) The game features a colossal wild that will take up 4 normal symbol positions when landing on the reels. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.36%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) This game features a win cap of 10,000x the bet made for each spin. This is effectively only applicable during the final spin in free spins The English version of the game rules prevails. Free Spins Game Rules 3 Bonus symbols trigger 7 free spins. 4 Bonus symbols trigger 9 free spins. 5 Bonus symbols trigger 11 free spins. 3 additional spins are awarded when landing 3 or more Bonus symbols in the feature. Bonus symbols are stored for the final spin. During the final spin, bonus symbols convert to wilds with a multiplier that corresponds to the number of Bonus symbols stored in that position. Bonus symbols that trigger the feature are stored. Bonus symbols that land during the feature are stored. In a situation where there are multiple Wilds with a multiplier on the same win line, these multipliers act on each other. (e.g. 2*3*4 = 24x) The highest possible multiplier on one symbol position is 5x. Re-Spin Feature Game Rules The Re-Spin feature is triggered when landing 2 Bonus Symbols in the base game. During the feature, the bonus symbols that triggered the feature will convert to Sticky Wilds. Landing additional Wild symbols will award an additional re-spin, and all Wild symbols will stick. Buy Feature Game Rules The ‘Buy Feature’ can only be activated in the base game. The ‘Buy Feature’ is played at 60x your regular bet. Activation of the ‘Buy Feature’ guarantees a minimum of 3 ‘BONUS’ symbols and entry to the bonus round. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. To make sure the game will continue when on autoplay, the game will continue automatically after a set amount of time. This can be turned off in the setting menu. Last modification date: 4/23/2024