Templar Tumble Game rules "Templar Tumble" is a 6 reels and 7 rows slot machine with up to 117,649 ways to win. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.25%. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. A win is created by matching symbols on adjacent reels, regardless of vertical position, from left to right, starting on the leftmost reel. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels. In each spin, a number of blocker symbols are placed on the grid together with normal symbols. They cannot contribute to any winnings. All winning symbols, and blocker symbols adjacent to winning symbols, get destroyed and disappear. Remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the gaps, for new possibilities to win. This cascading process is repeated until there are no more wins. No new blocker symbols can fall in during the cascades. If all blocker symbols are destroyed, free spins are triggered. Wilds can occur on cascades following the initial drop and can occur on reels 2 - 6 only. At most 1 wild can fall in during any given cascade. In the base game, If a wild falls in, between 3-8 blocker symbols are transformed into mystery symbols. Mystery Reveal Mystery symbols cannot be destroyed like normal symbols or blockers, but remain on the grid until activated. Mystery symbols are activated when no wins are present. They then either all turn into one and the same normal symbol or each turn into a coin symbol that awards a price between 1x and 1000x bet. Coin symbols are destroyed directly after the reveal and always result in at least one additional cascade. FREE SPINS Triggering free spins awards 6 spins. In free spins, no blocker symbols are present. If a wild falls in, 3-6 normal symbols are transformed into mystery symbols. Each wave continues until no more Marching Stacks are present on the game area. Buying "Free Spins" Buying “Free Spins” can only be done in the base game. Bought "Free Spins" will cost 80x the reference bet size. Buying "Free Spins" directly awards the "Free Spins" feature The theoretical return to player for the buy feature is 96.92%. Other Once a spin has been initiated the bet-level for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. The English version of the game rules prevails. Last modification date: 1/24/2024