Great Western Express 2 Game Rules Great Western Express 2 is a 5 columns and 4 rows slot machine with potential to open 2 new columns in the re-spin feature. In re-spins, each scatter symbol holds a coin value. At the end of re-spins, the sum of all present values are paid out to the player. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The theoretical return to player for this game is 98.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) This game features a win cap of 50,000 coins made for the game round (equivalent to 5000x the selected bet size). The English version of the game rules prevails. Re-spin Feature Game Rules 37 or more Bonus symbols are needed to trigger the re-spin. Bonus symbols can land anywhere on the reel. Special Bonus symbols (gold symbols) contribute to triggering the re-spins. When the feature is triggered, the Bonus symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value. When the feature is triggered, the Special Bonus symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value and play their action before the first spin. All values in the feature will be displayed as a multiplication of bet. The round always starts with 3 spins and each time a new symbol is landed, the spin count resets. In the situation all additional reels have been opened and a symbol is placed in every possible position, the re-spns will end whilst awarding 500 coins. Each symbol in the re-spins has its own behaviour: Bonus Symbol - Reveals a value between 1 and 10 coins. Golden Bonus Symbol - Reveals a value between 20 and 200 coins. Payer - Reveals a coin value and adds it to all other visible symbols on the reels. Collector - Reveals a coin value and then collects all visible values on the reels and adds them to its own value Collector/Payer - Reveals a coin value and adds the sum of all other visible values to its own value, then adds the updated value to all other visible symbols on the reels. Sniper - Reveals a coin value and doubles the values of 3 to 8 other bonus symbols. It can act on the same bonus symbol several times Reset Plus - Reveals a coin value and increases the starting value of the spins left count by one. Necromancer - Reveals a coin value and brings between 2 and 7 already used non persistent special bonus symbols to life again (Collector, Payer, Collector/Payer or Sniper). Persistent Payer - Reveals a coin value and adds it to all other visible symbols on the reels for that spin and any spin that will follow. This symbol does not pay itself. Persistent Collector - Persistent Collector Persistent Sniper - Reveals a coin value and doubles the values of 3 to 8 other bonus symbols at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. It can act on the same bonus symbol several times. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 5/8/2024