Cluster Tumble Game Rules “Cluster Tumble” is a 8 columns and 8 rows slot machine with a cluster payout mechanic. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Once a spin has been initiated the bet-level for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The Wild symbol substitutes for all normal symbols. The English version of the game rules prevails. Features Game rules The Wild symbol substitutes for all normal symbols. Lightning Win - When activated, this special stone block is replaced by a target symbol, which is one of the normal symbols. When it is applied after the following cascade, all normal symbols of the same kind as the target symbol (as well as Wild symbols) create a win, regardless of where on the board they are placed. Fire Transform - When activated, this special stone block is replaced by a target symbol, which is one of the normal symbols. In the following cascade, 1-2 symbol kinds get transformed into the same kind as the target symbol. Free Spin rules 5 spins are granted when the feature is activated. Landing Scatter symbols inside Free Spins awards one additional spin each. Removing all stones in Free Spins awards 3 additional spins and the Multiplier increases by 3 (First removal grants Multiplier x3, next one gives x6, x9 and so on..). The increased multiplier is applied as soon as it is awarded and is persistent throughout Free Spins. Buy Bonus Game Rules The ‘Buy Feature’ can only be activated in the main game. Buying standard “Free Spins” will cost 100x the reference bet size, and directly starts a Free Spins round with 5 spins granted. Buying Volatile “Free Spins” will cost 200x the reference bet size, and directly starts a Free Spins round with 5 spins where the multiplier increases twice as fast as normal Free spins (x6, x12, x18 ..). How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Last modification date: 10/1/2024