Temple Tumble Megaways Game Rules Temple Tumble is a 6 reels and 6 rows slot machine with up to 46 656 ways to win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost- to the rightmost reel constitutes a pay way win. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Wild symbols exist on reels 2-6 and substitute for all symbols. At the beginning of every spin, there are between 3 and 24 stone blocks present on the reel area. All winning symbols as well as stone blocks directly to the left of, right of, above or below winning symbols get destroyed and disappear, remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the gaps, for new possibilities to win. This process is repeated until there are no more wins. If all stone blocks are destroyed during a round, 6 Free Spins are awarded. In Free Spins, some stone blocks are special and contain either an added Multiplier or extra spins. The player gets to choose between 3 different modes: Multipliers, where all special blocks contain added Multipliers, Extra Spins, where all special blocks contain extra spins, or Multipliers & Extra Spins, where special blocks may contain either added Multipliers or extra spins. Destroyed special blocks adds to the Multiplier or number of Free Spins left. The Multiplier stays for the duration of the Free Spins, or until it is increased from breaking new special blocks Multiplier blocks contain added Multipliers of 1, 2 or 3 and extra spins blocks contain 1, 2 or 3 extra spins. If all stone blocks, regular and special, are cleared in free spins, 3 extra spins are awarded. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.25%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 1/31/2024