Top Dawgs Game Rules “TOP DAWG$” is a 5 columns and 3 rows slot machine with 15 pay lines. The game is always played with all pay lines active. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest paying combination for each payline is paid. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. Wins on multiple paylines are added. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.10%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Mystery Respin rules The Mystery Respins feature is triggered when landing a mystery symbol on reel 5. Once the feature is triggered, a respin feature will start. Every time a new mystery symbol lands, another respin will be triggered. Once no more symbols land, the mystery symbols will reveal the same symbol. Free Spin rules During free spins all the wilds are sticky. Sticky Wilds can have multipliers. Landing additional Bonus symbols will award one additional spin and increase the multiplier on all existing wilds by +1. Sticky Wilds that have a multiplier on them will multiply each other if they are present on the same win line. The highest multiplier on each wild is 7x. This makes the highest multiplier possible on any one line 16,807. 3 Bonus Symbols will award 8 Free Spins. 4 Bonus Symbols will award 10 Free Spins. 5 Bonus Symbols will award 12 Free Spins. Buy Feature Game Rules The ‘Buy Feature’ can only be activated in the base game. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the bonus bet is 96.71%. The ‘Buy Feature’ is played at 90 x your regular bet. Activation of the ‘Buy Feature’ guarantees a minimum of 3 ‘BONUS’ symbols and entry to the bonus round. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay/Quickspin is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay/quickspin button icons where applicable. Quick spin mode, where the total spin time is shorter. When quick spin mode is active, the arrow symbols are turned green, and when clicked again, quick spin mode is deactivated. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 12/17/2024