Great Western 2 Game Rules "Great Western 2" is a 5 columns and 4 rows slot machine with 40 pay lines. The game is always played with all pay lines active. During the Bonus game it’s possible to open two additional columns. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest paying combination for each payline is paid. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. Wins on multiple paylines are added. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels for pay line wins. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.40%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) This game features a win cap of 50,000x the bet made for the game round. The English version of the game rules prevails. Respin Feature Game Rules The Respin feature is always triggered when exactly two normal bonus symbols land anywhere on the reel, and the bonus game is not triggered. Once the feature is triggered, the bonus symbols will each reveal a multiplier. The multipliers are added together and re-spins are awarded until a win is made up. Every non winning spin will increase the multiplier by +1. Once a win is made up, the displayed multiplier will be applied to the win amount. Money Cart Bonus Game Rules 3 or more Bonus symbols are needed to trigger the bonus round. Bonus symbols can land anywhere on the reel. Special Bonus symbols (gold symbols) contribute to triggering the bonus round. When the feature is triggered, the Bonus symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value. When the feature is triggered, the Special Bonus symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value and play their action before the first spin. All values in the feature will be displayed as a multiplication of bet. The bonus round always starts with 3 spins and each time a new symbol is landed the spin count resets. In the situation in which all additional reels have been revealed and a symbol is placed in every possible position, the bonus round will end whilst awarding 500x the bet used when triggering the feature. Each symbol in the bonus round has its own behavior: Bonus Symbol - Reveals a value between 1x and 10x bet. Golden Bonus Symbol - Reveals a value between 20x and 200x bet. Payer - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and adds it to all other visible symbols on the reels. Collector - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and then collects all visible values on the reels and add them to its own value Collector/Payer - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and adds the sum of all other visible values to its own value, then adds the updated value to all other visible symbols on the reels. Sniper - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and doubles the values of 3 to 8 other bonus symbols. It can act on the same bonus symbol several times Reset Plus - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and increases the starting value of the spins left count by one. Necromancer - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and brings between 2 and 7 already used non persistent special bonus symbols to life again (Collector, Payer, Collector/Payer or Sniper). Persistent Payer - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and adds it to all other visible symbols on the reels for that spin and any spin that will follow. This symbol does not pay itself. Persistent Collector - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and then collects all visible values on the reels and adds them to its own value at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. This symbol does not collect its own value. Persistent Sniper - Reveals a value as multiplication of bet and doubles the values of 3 to 8 other bonus symbols at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. It can act on the same bonus symbol several times. Buy Feature Game Rules The ‘Buy Feature’ can only be activated in the base game. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the bonus bet is 98.00%. The ‘Buy Feature’ is played at 100 x your regular bet. Activation of the ‘Buy Feature’ guarantees a minimum of 3 ‘BONUS’ symbols and entry to the bonus round. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 2/6/2024