The Great Pigsby Megaways Game Rules The Great Pigsby Megaways is a 6 reels slot machine with up to 117,649 ways to win. There are 2–7 symbols active on each reel. The sizes of the symbols are adjusted accordingly to fill up the entire reel. The sizes do not affect the value of the symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. A win is created by matching symbols on adjacent reels, regardless of vertical position, from left to right, starting on the leftmost reel. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Wild symbols exist on reels 2–6. Once they land, they are collected into the piggy bank and turn the whole reel wild. Any wild symbol has a multiplier which corresponds to the number of active symbols on that reel. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels. Any wild symbol landing is collected into the piggy bank on the top of reels and gives a chance to trigger one of three features: Free Spins, Wild Re-spin or Great Pigsby ReSpin. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.08%. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Free Spins Game Rules 10 spins are awarded. Whenever a scatter symbol lands, 2 additional spins are awarded, and one of the royals (A, K, Q, J, 10) is deactivated on the reels. In all the coming spins, all instances of that symbol are replaced by a high or mid value symbol, as indicated in the bar above the reels. The lowest royal symbol (10) is deactivated first, followed by the second lowest (J) and so on. When all royals have been deactivated, any new scatter appearing will still reward 2 additional spins. The different deactivated royal symbol types can be replaced by different or the same high/mid value symbol Wild re-spin The player is awarded one spin where 2–5 of reels 2–6 turn into wild symbols. The wild symbols each have a random multiplier of 2–7. Great Pigsby ReSpin Game Rules The player is awarded one spin where 3–9 of the highest valued symbol are placed as overlay symbols on random positions during the spin. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game Last modification date: 2/21/2024