Great Western 3 Game Rules Great Western 3 is a 5 columns and 4 rows slot machine with 40 pay lines. The game is always played with all pay lines active. During the Bonus game it’s possible to open two additional columns. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest paying combination for each payline is paid. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. Wins on multiple paylines are added. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.10%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) This game features a win cap of 100,000x the bet made for the game round. The English version of the game rules prevails. Respin Feature Game Rules The Respin feature can be randomly triggered after any non-winning main game round. The Respin feature can not be triggered when the bonus game is triggered. Once the feature is triggered, a random symbol on the board is selected. All instances of that symbol are locked and all other positions re-spin. In the re-spin, only the selected symbol, multiplier symbols and a blank symbol can land. As long as at least one of the selected symbols or a multiplier symbol lands, re-spins will continue. All new instances of the selected symbol stick until the end of re-spins. Multiplier symbols come in three variants, +1x, +2x, +3x, and when they land they will add to the total multiplier, which starts at 1x. Multiplier symbols do not stick. Once only blank symbols land in the open positions, or when all positions have been filled with the selected symbol, the win is evaluated and the accumulated multiplier is applied. Money Cart Bonus Game Rules 3 or more Bonus symbols are needed to trigger the bonus round. Bonus symbols can land anywhere on the reel. Persistent Bonus symbols (gold symbols) contribute to triggering the bonus round. When the feature is triggered, the Bonus symbols that trigger the feature will reveal a value. When the feature is triggered, the Special Bonus symbols that trigger the feature will play their action before the first spin. All values in the feature will be displayed as a multiplication of bet. The bonus round starts with 3 spins and each time a new symbol is landed, the spin count resets to 3. Each symbol in the bonus round has its own behaviour: Bonus Symbol – Reveals a value between 1x and 10x bet. Collector – Sums up all visible values from other symbols on the reels and adds them to its own value. Sniper – Doubles the values of 3 to 8 other bonus symbols. It can act on the same bonus symbol several times. Collector-Payer – Selects between 3 and 5 symbols as targets, adds their values to its own and then pays out its updated value to each of those targets. Necromancer – Brings between 2 and 7 already used non persistent special bonus symbols to life again (Collector, Collector-Payer, Sniper, Tommy Gun Sniper or Tommy Gun Payer). The same symbol can be targeted several times. Absorber – Adds the sum of values from all Normal Bonus Symbols and removes them from the reels. Special Symbols cannot be absorbed. Tommy Gun Sniper – Targets one randomly picked symbol, doubling its value from 2 to 6 times. Tommy Gun Payer – Reveals a value from 5x to 100x and targets one randomly picked symbol, adding the revealed value between 3 and 10 times. Persistent Collector – Collects all visible values on the reels and adds them to its own value at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. This symbol does not collect its own value. Persistent Sniper – Doubles the values of 3 to 8 other bonus symbols at the end of that spin and every spin that follows. It can act on the same bonus symbol several times. Persistent Collector-Payer – Selects between 3 and 5 symbols as targets at the end of each spin, adds their values to its own and then pays out its updated value to each of those targets. Persistent Necromancer – Brings between 1 and 7 already used non persistent special bonus symbols to life again (Collector, Collector-Payer, Sniper, Tommy Gun Sniper or Tommy Gun Payer). Same symbol can be targeted several times. Persistent Shapeshifter – Turns into a different special after every spin and performs the relevant action (Collector, Collector-Payer, Sniper, Tommy Gun Sniper or Tommy Gun Payer). All special bonus symbols except the Tommy-Gun Payer reveal the value of 1x before performing its action. If there are several special bonus symbols to act, they act in the order from top row to bottom row, and within each row from the leftmost to the right. Buy Feature Game Rules The ‘Buy Feature’ can only be activated in the base game. There are four possible buy features: Persistent Feature: Costs 500x your regular bet and guarantees the bonus game is triggered with 1 Persistent Symbol (Persistent Collector, Persistent Sniper, Persistent Collector-Payer or Persistent Shapeshifter). Every new symbol that lands in the bonus game will reset the spin count to 3. Original Feature: Costs 100x your regular bet and guarantees the bonus game is triggered and every new symbol that lands in the bonus game will reset the spin count to 3. This is the same feature as would be triggered from the main game. Note that it is possible to get a persistent symbol trigger. 2 Spin Feature: Costs 50x your regular bet and guarantees the bonus game is triggered with 2 starting spins. Every new symbol that lands in the bonus game will reset the spin count to 2. 1 Spin Feature: Costs 20x your regular bet and guarantees the bonus game is triggered with 1 starting spin. Every new symbol that lands in the bonus game will reset the spin count to 1. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for any of the buy features is 96.50% How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 1/24/2024