Let's Get Ready to Rumble Game Rules Let’s get ready to Rumble is a 6 columns and 4 rows (can increase to 8 rows in a feature) independent reels slot machine with a connected ways win mechanics. A connected way is formed by matching symbols appearing in positions that are in adjacent columns, and one row above, one row below, or in the same row as the previous symbol. All connected ways start from the leftmost column. Wins are awarded for the longest unique connected ways. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the play area for connected ways wins. Wild symbols cannot land on reels in the first column. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The game has three randomly triggered features: Wild Stacks, Rumble Spin and Sticky Spin. Only one feature can be activated at any given spin. If the Wild Stacks feature is triggered 2-5 wild stack symbols, each covering a full column, is placed on the game area before the reels stop. Wild stacks cannot be placed on the first column. If the Rumble Spin feature is triggered a random number of enhancement features are awarded sequentially before the reels stop. There are 4 types of enhancement features: Cross Wilds, Uppercut Wild, Wild Hook and Title Fight. Each awarding: - Cross Wilds: 3-5 Wild symbols are placed randomly on the active play area. - Uppercut Wild: a stack of Wild symbols is placed on the rightmost column, covering the whole currently active column. - Wild Hook: moves a Wild stack from the rightmost column to column 2 or 3. If the active reel area is larger than the Wild stack it also expands the stack to fill the full active column. - Title Fight: increase the active play area by adding 2 more rows below, and 2 more rows above the play area. Sticky Spin can only be awarded on a spin that result in a one symbol win where the winning amount would be less than the bet size. If a Sticky Spin is awarded all symbols included in the win sticks, and a re-spin is awarded. Additional re-spins are awarded until no more symbols that add to the original win lands, at which time the win is evaluated. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.14%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 2/21/2024