Banana Town GAME RULES “Banana Town” is a 6 columns and 5 rows slot machine featuring a scatter pay mechanic. Wins are awarded when having 8 or more of the same symbol on the reels. The game features a cascading mechanic, whenever a win is made, those symbols will be removed and will make room for new symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.12%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Multiplier Upgrade rules The feature is available on all symbols. Each symbol has a multiplier associated with it. Multipliers increase randomly at the start of any spin or after any win. The minimum multiplier is x1 and the maximum is x64. The feature ends when no more wins are formed in the same spin. The feature is persistent during the free spins and the multipliers achieved in the main game are carried into the feature. The multiplier displayed on a symbol will apply to any win on that symbol. Free Spin rules 3 Bonus symbols in the main game triggers 8 free spins. Additional bonus symbols in the main game will award 1 additional spin each. During the free spins, the Multiplier Upgrade feature is persistent. Landing a Bonus symbol in free spins will award 1 free spin. Buy Feature Game Rules The ‘Buy Feature’ can only be activated in the base game. The theoretical return to player for the buy feature is 96.16%. The ‘Buy Feature’ is played at 100x your regular bet. Activation of the ‘Buy Feature’ guarantees a minimum of 3 ‘BONUS’ symbols and entry to the bonus round. Once the ‘Buy Feature’ is activated a random multiplier can be assigned to each symbol. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 4/16/2024