The Great Pigsby The Great Pigsby is a 5 reels and 3 rows slot machine with 243 ways to win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel constitutes a pay way win. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Once a spin has been initiated the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols on the reels for pay way wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. Any Wild landing on the reels expands to cover the whole reel and is collected into the piggy bank. Each collected Wild gives the chance of triggering 10 Free Spins OR 1 Wild Reels Re-spin. In every second spin during Free Spins, a low value symbol type, starting with 10s and ending with As, will be replaced by a mystery symbol that transforms into one of the mid- or high value symbols each spin. During Wild Reels Re-spin, 2-4 of the reels will turn Wild before the other reels stop and wins are evaluated. Reel 1 can never turn Wild. During each spin, there is a chance of triggering the Great Pigsby feature, in which a number of the highest value symbol are placed on the reel area before the reels have stopped, and the reels are enriched with this symbol To use autoplay, when available, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. You can interrupt autoplay at any time by pressing the Autoplay button again. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. The English version of the game rules prevails. How To Play Select a bet size by pressing the + and - buttons next to the bet amount. Then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. To make sure the game will continue when on autoplay, the game will continue automatically after a set amount of time. This can be turned off in the setting menu. Last modification date: 12/7/2023