Temple Tumble 2 Game Rules General "Temple Tumble 2" is a 6 reels and 6 rows slot machine with up to 46 656 ways to win.Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel constitutes a pay way win. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Wild symbols and Persistent wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Persistent wilds are not persistent between rounds Regular Wild symbols exists on reels 2–6, while Persistent wild symbols can occur on any reel. At the beginning of every spin, there are between 3 and 24 stone blocks present on the reel area. All winning symbols as well as stone blocks directly to the left of, right of, above or below winning symbols get destroyed and disappear, remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the gaps, for new possibilities to win. This process is repeated until there are no more wins. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.50%. Once a spin has been initiated, the bet size for that round is locked and cannot be changed. Winnings are presented in the user's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. If your balance decreases so it becomes lower than the selected bet size, the bet size will automatically be lowered to the highest applicable bet size. (Applicable based on market) The English version of the game rules prevails. Free Spins If all stone blocks are destroyed during a round, 6 Free Spins are awarded. In Free Spins, some stone blocks are special and contain either an added Multiplier, Extra spins, Wild or Fire Transform. The player gets to choose between 3 different modes: Multipliers & Extra Spins, where all special blocks contain either added Multipliers or extra spins. Wild & Fire Transform, where all special blocks contain either Wild or Fire Transform. Combined, where special blocks contain either added Multipliers, Extra spins, Wild or Fire Transform. If all stone blocks, regular and special, are cleared in free spins, 3 extra spins are awarded. Destroyed Multiplier blocks add to the Total Multiplier. The Multiplier stays for the duration of the Free Spins, or until it is increased further from breaking new special blocks. Multiplier blocks contain added Multipliers of 1, 2 or 3. Destroyed Free Spin blocks add to the Free Spins left. Extra spins blocks contain 1, 2 or 3 extra spins. Destroyed Fire Transform blocks are replaced by a target symbol, which is one of the normal symbols. In the following cascade, 1 symbol kind gets transformed into the same kind as the target symbol. Destroyed Wild blocks are replaced by the Persistent Wild. A Persistent Wild can have up to 5 lives, which is decreased when a wild is used in a win. Once a persistent wild has 1 life left and is included in a win, it is destroyed along with the other winning symbols. How To Play Select a bet size, then press the Spin button to begin. To use autoplay, press the Autoplay button and select the desired number of rounds. Autoplay is started and stopped by clicking the autoplay icon where applicable. While playing, you can always see how many autoplay spins you have left. Press the "Home" icon to exit game. Last modification date: 2/28/2024