Resident Evil Game Objective: The Resident Evil Slot is a five-reel, twenty-paylines slot game with a 'free spin' feature that awards additional spins, and two 'bonus game' features that gives you the chance to win extra prizes. The game also features a wild “Resident Evil” logo symbol. The “Resident Evil” logo symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scattered Umbrella Corp, Herb & Money chest symbols. 3 or more scattered Umbrella Corp symbols anywhere in view triggers the Resident Evil feature game. Free Spins are awarded when certain combinations of herbs are obtained anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5. The Money Chest feature is triggered when 3 or more Money Chest symbols appear on consecutive reels starting from reel 1 irrespective of selected lines. top Game Information: You can bet on up to twenty lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the Left-arrow button or Right-arrow button available under the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 5.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the Left-arrow button or Right-arrow button available under the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 20 lines and EUR 50.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'HELP' button on the bottom left of the screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button on the 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the game rules screen or the main console screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Umbrella Corp symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button. Spin: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown on the right of the reels, at the end of each winning line. Feature Game 1: The Resident Evil feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Umbrella Corp symbols appear anywhere in view. The game screen will change, and the 'bonus round' feature game screen will open up. On completion of the 'bonus round' feature, the main game screen is restored. Feature Game 2: The Money Chest feature is triggered when 3 or more Money Chest symbols appear on consecutive reels starting from reel 1 irrespective of the selected lines. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the Left-arrow and Right-arrow buttons under the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equal to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' and 'TOTAL BET'. Spin till my balance falls below or equal to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' and 'TOTAL BET'. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game Rules: All symbols pay left to right only, except the scattered Umbrella Corp and Herb symbols 3 or more Umbrella Corp Scatter symbols anywhere in view triggers the Resident Evil feature game. 3 or more Money Chest symbols appearing on consecutive reels starting from reel 1 irrespective of the selected lines will trigger Money Chest feature game. Herb symbol can appear anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 only and will award free spins as explained in the ‘Free spin play’ section. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline prizes are multiplied by the bet per payline amount. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected, except the scattered Umbrella Corp symbols which pay anywhere in view. The Resident Evil Logo wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scattered Umbrella Corp, Herb and Money Chest symbols. Resident Evil logo symbol pays only in conjunction with other symbols except the scattered Umbrella Corp, Herb and Money Chest symbols. When Resident Evil logo symbol appears anywhere on reels 2 ,3 and 4, it will be applicable for all the 3 positions(top / mid / bottom), on that reel and substitues the winning combinations. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Free Spin Play: Free Spins are awarded when certain combinations of herbs are obtained anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5. The number of free spins obtained depends on these combinations of herbs. During multiple combinations of herbs, only the highest free spins one will be paid. Red herbs only appear on reel 1, Blue herbs only on reel 5 and green on reels 1, 3 and 5. Possible combinations for free spins are shown below. Red + Green – 10 Spins Red + Green + Green – 10 Spins Red + Green + Blue – 20 Spins Green + Green + Green – 10 Spins Green + Green + Blue – 10 Spins Green + Green – 7 spins Green + Blue – 4 spins All free spins are played with the same number of lines and the same bet per line as the triggering spin. Free Spin feature is not re-triggerable i.e. free spins cannot earn more free spins. Free Spin feature cannot trigger either the Resident Evil feature game or the Money Chest feature game. top Resident Evil bonus feature gameplay: Shoot various enemies to keep progressing through the landscape. Targets award random amounts based on a random multiplier multiplied by total stake of the triggering game. Feature ends when the boss is defeated. top Money Chest feature gameplay: Pick one money chest to win a random number. This number will be multiplied by total stake of the triggering game to give the win amount top Paytable: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.43% top Pay Lines: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the feature round, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. Resident Evil © 2008 Capcom All Rights Reserved. Last modification date: 1/31/2017