8th Wonder Game overview 8th Wonder is a three reel, 5 win line arcade style slot with a Full House Bonus that doubles the win when a full house of any symbol is won. Formats This document provides information on 8th Wonder for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Tablet. HTML5 Phone. THE GAME Playing the game Bet value Select the total bet value Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. Tablet and Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. The Tablet game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button Auto button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options as shown below: Once the desired options have been selected, press the Start button to start auto play. Pressing the Cancel button will return the player to the game Once auto play is in operation, pressing the stop button at any time will cancel the auto play feature. Mobile/Tablet game: Auto play is currently not available on mobile and tablet. . Displays Various displays are used to show important information to the player during the game. On phone, some of these displays appear as pop-ups, only when needed. Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game, payouts and auto play. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash: Close-up view of the reels only. Tablet and Phone: Both Pad and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted. The win values will be shown. The total amount won will be shown. payout values 8th Wonder has a maximum payout of 160 x the total bet value, per game. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 _ _ 160 _ _ 40 _ _ 40 _ _ 8 _ _ 8 _ _ 8 _ _ 8 Full House Bonus A Full House occurs when all 9 symbols are the same. When this happens all symbol awards are doubled. The maximum payout during any game is 160 x the stake value. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is 95.34%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017