Big Wheel Game Overview Big Wheel is a 3 reel, single win line slot that offers the player nudges and numerous other features. Normal wins are paid on the game’s single win line whilst the features are activated by landing the “Big Wheel” feature symbol on the win line of the centre reel only. Nudges , a Big Wheel Chance feature and a Crazy Reel Bonus can also be offered at the end of any random non-winning game. A Repeat Chance is offered whenever the Jackpot is won, offering the player the chance to reach a Jackpot of x300 the starting stake. If any Feature or Repeat Chance reaches or exceeds this Jackpot value, any further Feature or Repeat Chance will no longer be offered and the game will end. The maximum win of x300 will be awarded to the player. Formats This document provides information on Big Wheel for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Tablet. HTML5 Phone. Playing the Game Bet Value Select the Stake value. Start Button Flash game: Press the ‘Start’ button to spin the reels. Tablet and Phone games: Press the ‘Start’ button to spin the reels. The Tablet game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto Button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options as shown below: Once the desired options have been selected, press the Start button to start auto play. Pressing the Cancel button will return the player to the game. Once auto play is in operation, pressing the Stop button at any time will cancel the auto play feature. Mobile/Tablet game: Auto play is currently not available on mobile and tablet Nudges Between 1 and 3 nudges may be offered, at random, at the end of any non-winning spin. Flash game: Press the flashing nudge buttons to nudge the reels forward one symbol at a time. Tablet and phone games: Press the flashing reels to nudge them forward one symbol at a time. Auto Nudge When lit, press auto nudge to automatically nudge to the best available position (the auto nudge button replaces the start button when active). During nudges, if the best available winning combination is missed, the auto nudge feature will kick in. The auto nudge feature resets the reels to the position before the nudges were offered and then automatically nudges them to the best available winning combination. Super Spin Feature The super spin feature may be offered, at random, after a losing nudge. When offered, press start to spin the reels to a guaranteed win. Crazy Reel Bonus A Crazy Reel Bonus may be awarded, at random, at the end of any non-winning game. All wins appearing in ANY position in the window are paid. If three Ducks are awarded, the Repeat Chance is offered as usual. Displays Various displays are used to show important information to the player during the game. On phone, some of these displays appear as pop-ups, only when needed. Information Display At different points during game play this will show information about the game, payouts and auto play. Bet Display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Paid Display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game Views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash : Full cabinet view. Close-up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Tablet and Phone: Both Tablet and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Win Line Payouts When winning lines are obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted. The win values will be shown. The total amount won is added to the Total Win. Payout Values Big Wheel has a maximum payout of x300 the starting stake value. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 X 4 X 5 On Centre Reel Starts Feature _ _ _ _ _ _ x30 + Repeat Chance _ _ _ _ x20 _ _ _ _ x15 _ _ _ _ x10 _ _ _ _ x5 _ _ Big Wheel Feature The ‘Big Wheel’ symbol on the win line, on the centre reel, activates the Big Wheel Feature. Pressing the ‘Big Wheel’ button starts the feature wheel. When the feature wheel stops, the lit Feature is awarded. Big Wheel Chance The ‘Big Wheel’ symbol above or below the win line, on the centre reel, activates the Big Wheel Chance. Pressing the ‘Big Wheel’ button gives the player a chance of stepping the ‘Big Wheel’ symbol onto the win line which in turn will activate The Big Wheel Feature. Big Wheel Features The Big Wheel features that can be awarded are as follows: Feature Summary The Jackpot prize of three Ducks is awarded along with a Repeat Chance. Pressing the ‘Start’ button stops the ‘Yes’ and ‘No’. If ‘Yes’ is lit the Jackpot prize is awarded again. If ‘No’ is lit, the game ends. All Repeats are paid within the same ‘game’ as the original Jackpot and, as such, no credit is taken. The maximum number of possible Repeats is nine. If this is reached, no more Repeat Chances will be offered. A flashing light will animate around the ‘Big Wheel’ symbol on the centre reel. Pressing ‘Start’ will stop the light on one of the outer symbols. A win matching that symbol will then spin onto the win line. Pressing ‘Start’ selects the number of steps. The reels then step forward the displayed number of Steps. All symbols that appear on the Win Line light the corresponding symbols on the Top Glass. When the reels stop stepping the highest win lit will be paid. Pressing ‘Start’ spins the reels. The reels will then spin and stop. All wins that appear in ANY position in the window are paid. As a random number of spins are awarded the ‘Start’ button will need to be pressed until the feature ends. The ‘Big Wheel’ symbol is not awarded during the Crazy Reels feature. If three Duck symbols are awarded, the Crazy Reel feature ends and the Jackpot Repeat Chance is triggered as usual. Feature Summary The reels will step forward until a ‘Bell’ symbol appears on the Win Line. Each ‘Bell’ that lands on the win line lights up the next highest award on the Top Glass. Pressing ‘Start’ stops the flashing ‘Step’ and ‘Stop’. Lighting ‘Step’ causes the reels to step again until the next ‘Bell’ is found. Lighting ‘Stop’ ends the feature. When this happens, the award currently lit is paid. When this feature starts the lowest award on the Top Glass will be lit and the next highest award will flash. Pressing ‘Start’ will allow you to try and light the flashing award. You have three chances at each stage to light the next one. When all three chances have been used, the lit award is paid and the feature ends. General information Random Game Play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return To Player Percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is no less than 95.23%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017