Bar-X Return to Player This game is random. The expected return for this game is 96% © 2020 Realistic Games Ltd. All rights reserved. REALISTIC GAMES (UK00003141710) is a registered trademark of Realistic Games Ltd. BAR-X, OXO AND ELECTROCOIN ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF ELECTROCOIN AUTOMATICS LTD 2020 User Interface Balance and Bet values are visible at all times on the bottom bar. Tap to access settings and game information. Tap to turn sound on or off. Tap to return to the game. The camera will pan around the 3D environment. Return the camera view to the front. A clock is displayed in the game. This clock displays the time as reported by the device upon which the game is played. A Bet ID is displayed in the game. This Bet ID can be used by the gaming site owner to find the specific game round, should clarification be required. Play the Game Tap to spin the reels at the current bet value. Tap to access the auto-play settings page. Tap to automatically apply the correct hold or nudge settings and/or continue the game. Press to hold or nudge the reel above the button. Press to cancel any held reels. Displays any winnings from the current game. Indicates that the Nudge Feature is active. Indication to take the nudges offered. Indicates the award which will be paid for the displayed win. The highest prize in the game. Setting auto-play This settings page allows you to set some parameters during auto-play. Number of auto-play games: Choose the number of games to play (10, 25, 50 or 100). Maximum Loss: Set the maximum loss during the auto-play games. Stop when any win equals or exceeds: Choose a win value to stop the auto-play games. If any of these parameters is reached or exceeded the auto-play games will stop. The Start button will light when a permissible combination of settings has been met. Note: Some auto-play options are mandatory for some jurisdictions Setting bet values This settings page displays a grid of bet values that are available for the given game. The current bet value is highlighted. Tap a different bet value to select it. Tap the back button to return to the game. This bet value is the total bet per game. Where applicable, banking functions may also link from this page. Screen Saver mode After 30 seconds of inactivity, the display will enter a screen saver mode. The entire game area will be shown from different angles. All buttons remain functional during the screen saver mode. Additional Information The following information may be subject to further terms, conditions or processes of the gaming site owner. The maximum win from a single game is £ 12000. Incomplete games Incomplete games are stored for up to 7 days. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the game round. If a game is incomplete for more than the stated time period the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/23/2020