Colour Of Money Game overview Colour of Money is a three reel, 1 win line arcade style slot with nudges and a win streak feature. If a $ symbol appears anywhere on each of the three reels, the Gold Series, Silver Series or Win Series win streak feature is triggered. Typically, the Gold Series awards more than the Silver Series which in turn awards more than the Win Series, but all can pay up to the maximum prize of 300 x Stake. The game also features nudges, with the Auto Nudge feature guaranteeing the best win always, and Super Spin which awards a win when the nudges didn't. Formats This document provides information on Colour Of Money for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Pad. . HTML5 Phone. THE GAME Playing the game Bet value Select the total bet value Start button Flash game: Press the Start button to spin the reels. Pad and Phone games: Press the Start button to spin the reels. The tablet game has the additional option to use thumb control Start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Pad game: Pressing the Auto button will provide the option to select 10, 25 or 50 auto spins. Pressing the Stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Nudges Between 1 and 3 nudges may be offered, at random, at the end of any non-winning spin. Flash game: Press the flashing nudge buttons to nudge the reels forward one symbol at a time. Pad and phone games: Press the flashing reels to nudge them forward one symbol at a time. Auto nudge When lit, press auto nudge to automatically nudge to the best available position (the auto nudge button replaces the start button when active). During nudges, if the best available winning combination is missed, the auto nudge feature will kick in. The auto nudge feature resets the reels to the position before the nudges were offered and then automatically nudges them to the best available winning combination. Super spin feature The super spin feature may be offered, at random, after a losing nudge. When offered, press start to spin the reels to a guaranteed win. Displays Various displays are used to show important information to the player during the game. On phone, some of these displays appear as pop-ups, only when needed. Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Win display At different points during game play this will display: Total win line payouts Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash: Full cabinet view. Close-up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Pad and Phone: Both Pad and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted. The win value will be shown. The total amount won will be shown. payout values Colour of Money has a maximum payout of 300 x the total bet value, per game. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 _ _ 30 _ _ 10 _ _ 5 _ _ 4 _ _ 3 2 _ _ In view on each reel triggers Gold Series feature In view on each reel triggers Silver Series feature Any three mixed in view on each reel triggers Win Series feature Gold Series/Silver Series/Win Series Feature: If 3 Gold $ symbols appear anywhere on each of the three reels, the Gold Series streak will be triggered. If 3 Silver $ symbols appear anywhere on each of the three reels, the Silver Series streak will be triggered. If a mix of Gold and Silver $ symbols appear anywhere on each of the three reels, the Win Series will be triggered. The reels will spin to win after win. When the reels spin to a losing combination, the feature is over. The maximum prize for the $ feature is 300 x stake. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is 95.21%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017