Duplicats Duplicats Feature • The Duplicats feature is awarded when any 5 cats appear on an active win line. • Any reel wins (including cat wins) are paid out before the feature starts. • Tap the Start button to randomly select a cat. • All other cat symbols on the win line (except Lions) will change into the selected cat. • The resulting 5 of a kind win is paid out. Free Spins Bonus Round 3 or 4 Scatter symbols appearing in any position awards the Free Spins Bonus Round. Free spins are played on the same set of reels with the same win lines. However, for the duration of the Bonus Round the reels are turned upside down allowing for different (and more generous!) win combinations. At the current bet value, the maximum payout during the Free Spins Bonus Round is €500,00 Any wins over this value, or unused Free Spins, will be cancelled. The Free Spins Bonus Round can be re-triggered. Return to Player This game is random. The expected return for this game is 95.62% © 2019 Realistic Games Ltd. All rights reserved. DUPLICATS( UK00003239208) and REALISTIC GAMES (UK00003141710) are registered trademarks of Realistic Games Ltd. User Interface Balance and Bet values are visible at all times on the bottom bar. Tap to access settings and game information. Tap to turn sound on or off. Tap to return to the game. A clock is displayed in the game. This clock displays the time as reported by the device upon which the game is played. A Bet ID is displayed in the game. This Bet ID can be used by the gaming site owner to find the specific game round, should clarification be required. Play the Game Start: Tap to spin the reels at the current bet value. Auto: Tap to access the auto-play settings page. Stop: The number of remaining auto-play spins is displayed on the button. Tap to stop auto-play at any time. Setting auto-play This settings page allows you to set some parameters during auto-play. Number of auto-play games: Choose the number of games to play (10, 25, 50 or 100). Maximum Loss: Set the maximum loss during the auto-play games. Stop when any win equals or exceeds: Choose a win value to stop the auto-play games. If any of these parameters is reached or exceeded the auto-play games will stop. The Start button will light when a permissible combination of settings has been met. Note: Some auto-play options are mandatory for some jurisdictions Setting bet values This settings page displays a grid of bet values that are available for the given game. The current bet value is highlighted. Tap a different bet value to select it. Tap the back button to return to the game. This bet value is the total bet per game. Where applicable, banking functions may also link from this page. Additional Information The following information may be subject to further terms, conditions or processes of the gaming site owner. Incomplete games Incomplete games are stored for up to 7 days. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the game round. If a game is incomplete for more than the stated time period the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.