European Roulette Game overview Roulette is played by betting on which position the ball will land in during a single spin of the wheel. The wheel consists of 37 positions, of which 18 are red, 18 are black and 1 is green (zero). There are various types of bets available and more than one may be placed on each game. Formats This document provides information on European Roulette for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Pad. HTML5 Phone. The game Starting the game Selecting a chip Press on one of the different valued chips to select it. Placing a bet Press on any bet position on the betting layout to place the selected chip. Click again to add another chip to the current bet. Removing a bet Press the undo button to remove chips one at a time in the reverse sequence to the order they were placed or use the clear button to remove all chips from the betting layout. Single chips may be removed from the betting layout by holding down the shift key whilst clicking on them (flash only). Double bet The double bet button becomes available once chips have been placed on the layout. Press this button to double the value of all the chips on the layout, up to the permitted maximums. Spin Press the spin button to confirm your bet and spin the ball. Once the ball has landed, losing chips are removed from the betting layout and any winnings are paid. Winning chips remain on the layout; the game has now finished. Repeat bet The repeat button becomes available after the first game. Press this button to re‐place the bets from the previous game. Repeat / spin The repeat / spin button becomes available after the first game. Press this button to re‐place the bets from the previous game and spin the ball. Tooltips Tooltips are used for every bet position and will display the bet type, value of the bet, payout odds, expected return (flash only) and bet ranges for the bet type. Bet types and payouts The following bet types and payouts are offered: bet type payout Straight Up 35 to 1 Split 17 to 1 Street 11 to 1 Corner 8 to 1 Six Line 5 to 1 Dozen 2 to 1 Column 2 to 1 Red / Black, Odd / Even, High / Low 1 to 1 La partage rule This rule applies when the outcome is zero. Any bets placed on any ‘Even Chance’ bets (red/black, 1‐18/19‐36, odd/even) will return half the stake. Neighbours bets Neighbour bets are only available on flash and Pad. A neighbours bet is one which covers a range of numbers, usually 2 either side of the number selected (the numbers are arranged as on the roulette wheel). On the flash game, the range can be changed by clicking the numbered buttons on the right of the layout. On the Pad game the numbers covered are fixed at 2 either side of the selected number. Press the required bet position on the neighbours betting layout to place the neighbours bet. On the flash game, click the neighbours tab to open and close the neighbours betting layout. French bets Voisins du Zero The voisins du zero bet covers 17 numbers on the wheel that are closest to 0, as follows: Numbers Units Payout 0, 2, 3 2 11 to 1 4,7 1 17 to 1 12,15 1 17 to 1 18,21 1 17 to 1 19,22 1 17 to 1 25, 26, 28, 29 2 8 to 1 32,35 1 17 to 1 Total = 17 Total = 9 Press on Voisins to place this bet. Tiers du Cylindre The tiers du cylindre bet covers 12 numbers on the opposite side of the wheel to the voisins du zero numbers (roughly), as follows: Numbers Units Payout 5,8 1 17 to 1 10,11 1 17 to 1 13,16 1 17 to 1 23,24 1 17 to 1 27,30 1 17 to 1 33,36 1 17 to 1 Total = 12 Total = 6 Press on Tier to place this bet. Orphelins The orphelins bet covers the remaining 8 numbers that have not been covered in the voisins du zero or tiers du cylindre bets, as follows: Numbers Units Payout 1 1 35 to 1 6,9 1 17 to 1 14,17 1 17 to 1 17,20 1 17 to 1 31,34 1 17 to 1 Total = 8 Total = 5 Press on Orphelins to place this bet. Displays Information Display ‐ at different points during game play this will show information about the game. Balance ‐ shows the player’s balance. Bet ‐ displays the total bet value per game. Paid ‐ displays the total paid. Last Bet ‐ displays the total value of the last bet placed. Game options History Flash game: Clicking history opens a panel showing: Table of the last 100 drawn numbers. Statistics by bet type of drawn numbers; red/black, 1‐18/19‐36, even/odd, columns, dozen. Wheel graph displaying the frequency of drawn numbers. Adjust the number of spins slider to alter the statistics. ‘Clear History’ will reset all the statistics. Pad game: Number history is shown on the display next to the wheel. Phone game: Click the ‘i’ button to display the number history. Options Flash game: This opens a panel showing the following choices: Dealer voice Spin length Spindle graphic Cloth colour Bet limits Flash game: This panel displays the payout odds and minimum and maximum bets permitted for all bet types. Pad game: Click on rules to display the payout odds and minimum and maximum bets permitted for all bet types. Phone game: The payout odds and minimum and maximum bets permitted for all bet types are displayed when clicking on a betting position on the layout. Bet details Flash game: • This panel displays a breakdown of all winning bet types. Game views Flash game: Click the camera view 1 and 2 buttons to toggle between two available views during the spin: Camera view 1 shows the same view displayed during betting and can be configured to hide or show the betting layout via an option in the options panel. Camera view 2 displays a close‐up of the wheel with a betting layout in the distance displaying the chips placed for that spin. Pad game : The game can only be played in landscape view. Phone game: The game can only be played in portrait view. Betting layout panel Pad: This mini layout next to the wheel represents the positions on the betting layout where chips are placed by lighting the numbers. Tap the image to return to the layout. Always return to layout Pad: Press on this toggle button located next to the wheel or in the rules section to choose whether to return to the layout after a completed spin or remain in the wheel view which allows the player to repeat bets and spin. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and£970,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 97%. Where the La Partage rule is not being used, the expected RTP for this game is 97.30%. Where the La Partage rule is being used, the expected RTP will be lower, depending on the amount of play on the even money chances. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/1/2020