Fireworks Game overview Fireworks is a five reel, ten win line slot with a Fireworks theme. A bonus round is awarded when a fuse running under the reels makes it to the firework on the right hand side. In the Fireworks Bonus, pressing the flashing button will randomly select a reel. All other reels that don’t already contain the selected symbol will re-spin and will land with either 1, 2 or 3 of that symbol. Fireworks features a maximum prize of 5000 x the stake per line value. Formats This document provides information on Fireworks for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Tablet. HTML5 Phone. Playing the game Bet value Flash - Select the Stake per Line value. The total Bet value is this multiplied by 10 (win lines). Tablet and Phone - Select the total bet value. Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. Tablet and Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. The Tablet game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button or the tick button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Tablet game: Pressing the auto button will provide the option to select 10, 25 or 50 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Displays Various displays are used to show important information to the player during the game. On phone, some of these displays appear as pop-ups, only when needed. Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game, payouts and auto play. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash : Close-up view of the reels only. Tablet and Phone: Both Pad and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Win line payouts When winning lines are obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted. The win values will be shown. The total amount won will be shown. Payout values Fireworks has a maximum payout of 5000 x the Stake per Line value. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 X 4 X 5 _ _ 50 100 250 _ _ 30 60 150 _ _ 20 40 100 _ _ 20 40 100 _ _ 10 20 50 _ _ 10 20 50 _ _ 5 10 25 _ _ 5 10 25 Fireworks Feature At the start of every game, the fuse to the Firework is lit. When a reel stops, if all symbols on that reel are the same, the fuse remains lit and continues onwards. If they are not all the same, the fuse is extinguished. If the fuse reaches the Firework, the Bonus is awarded! In the Bonus, press the flashing button to randomly select a reel. All other reels that don’t already contain the selected symbol will re-spin and land with either 1, 2, or 3 of that symbol. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is 95.15%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017