Hot Cross Bunnies Game Changer Triggering the Game Changer® bonus round The Bonus Round is awarded when a ‘Game Board’ is created by any combination of the following symbols… A Game Board configuration is as follows… Any reel wins are added to the Total Win display before the feature starts. Starting the Game Changer® bonus round The centre 3 symbols are replaced with the Total Win display. Any Take Prize positions are covered with an ‘X’ and the number 3… The logo is replaced with a set of 5 Super Reels. The bottom left corner position is lit and awarded (see later). The Roll Dice button is displayed. Playing the Game Changer® bonus round Press the Roll Dice button to roll two dice. These are 100% random at all times. The lit position moves in a clockwise direction by the total number displayed on both dice. The new position is awarded (see later). If the new position is covered with an ‘X’ and a number, it is ignored. These are safe positions. On the next move, this number will reduce by 1. The ‘X’ is removed once the number reaches zero and the position is no longer safe. Play continues until a Take Prize position is landed on. The value of the Total Win display is then awarded and the game is over. The Total Win value cannot be lost or reduced during the bonus round. At the current bet value, the maximum payout during the bonus round is Any wins over this value will be cancelled. Symbol Positions Landing on a Symbol position will spin the Super Reels. The Super Reels will stop only on the lit symbol, or blanks. A winning combination of either 3, 4 or 5 of the lit symbol will be awarded. All pays from the Super Reels are double those in the base game. The resulting prize is added to the Total Win display. Take Prize Positions The bonus round is over. The value of the Total Win display is then awarded and the game is over. No Lose Board If a Game Board is formed with 3 Pink Bunnies on both Reels 1 and 5 it is impossible to lose. When this happens, play continues until the maximum payout is reached. At the current bet value, the maximum payout during the bonus round is €2.000 Any wins over this value will be cancelled. Return to Player This game is random. The expected return for this game is 96.13% © 2020 Realistic Games Ltd. All rights reserved. HOT CROSS BUNNIES ( UK00003141876 ), GAME CHANGER ( UK00003211048 and UK00003444066 ) and REALISTIC GAMES (UK00003141710) are registered trademarks of Realistic Games Ltd. User Interface Balance and Bet values are visible at all times on the bottom bar. Tap to access settings and game information. Tap to turn sound on or off. Tap to return to the game. A clock is displayed in the game. This clock displays the time as reported by the device upon which the game is played. A Bet ID is displayed in the game. This Bet ID can be used by the gaming site owner to find the specific game round, should clarification be required. Play the Game Start: Tap to spin the reels at the current bet value. Auto: Tap to access the auto-play settings page. Stop: The number of remaining auto-play spins is displayed on the button. Tap to stop auto-play at any time. Roll Dice: Tap to roll the dice during the bonus round. Setting auto-play This settings page allows you to set some parameters during auto-play. Number of auto-play games: Choose the number of games to play (10, 25, 50 or 100). Maximum Loss: Set the maximum loss during the auto-play games. Stop when any win equals or exceeds: Choose a win value to stop the auto-play games. If any of these parameters is reached or exceeded the auto-play games will stop. The Start button will light when a permissible combination of settings has been met. Note: Some auto-play options are mandatory for some jurisdictions Setting bet values This settings page displays a grid of bet values that are available for the given game. The current bet value is highlighted. Tap a different bet value to select it. Tap the back button to return to the game. This bet value is the total bet per game. Where applicable, banking functions may also link from this page. Additional Information The following information may be subject to further terms, conditions or processes of the gaming site owner. Incomplete games Incomplete games are stored for up to 7 days. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the game round. If a game is incomplete for more than the stated time period the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/1/2020