High Rise Game overview High Rise is a 3 reel, 5 line UK Arcade/Bingo style slot machine. Each time a win is awarded there is the opportunity to gamble the win up to a possible maximum of the jackpot value. The jackpot can be won either by lining up 3 Bell symbols, getting a full house of any symbol, or by gambling to the top of the Gamble Ladder. Formats This document provides information on High Rise for the following game formats: Flash. . HTML5 Phone. THE GAME Starting the game Bet value Select the total bet value Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. At various points during the game the start button can be pressed to speed up transfers of winnings and simultaneously start the next game. Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. Auto button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. . Gamble Pressing gamble will gamble the current win on the Gamble Ladder. Take prize This button is only active when a win has been awarded. Pressing this button collects the win highlighted on the Gamble Ladder. Displays Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Win display At different points during game play this will display: Total win line payouts Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash: Full cabinet view. Close-up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Phone: The Phone game can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols and win lines will be highlighted. The win line and payout information will be displayed. The prize will be displayed on the Gamble Ladder The gamble button will flash (if active). The take prize button will light. The total amount won will be shown. If multiple wins are obtained, the wins will be advertised in sequence from win line 1 to win line 5. All win line payouts must appear on an active win line. payout values High Rise has a maximum payout of 100 x the total bet value, per game. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 _ _ 100 _ _ 20 _ _ 10 _ _ 10 _ _ 5 _ _ 5 _ _ 5 Any Full House pays Jackpot _ _ Gamble feature All wins can be gambled. Subject to the auto play settings selected, the Gamble button will activate for all wins. The game will increase or decrease values on the gamble ladder between +3 and -3 steps. It will continue to offer the gamble option until either the jackpot is won, the player collects or the win is lost. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and£960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is 95.16%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017