It Came From The Moon Game Overview It Came From The Moon is a five reel, fixed 20 line slot machine with a 1950’s comic book theme. Three bonus scatter symbols anywhere in view, on reels 2, 3 and 4, awards the ‘It Came From The Moon’ bonus round where the player shoots numerous Moon Bugs to reveal prizes and achieve multipliers. The Jackpot can be won either on the reels or in the bonus round by revealing a Moon Bug as the first selection on each of the 5 levels. This will trigger the jackpot bug screen for the opportunity to select the bug carrying the jackpot prize. During normal play, the wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the bonus scatter symbol. Formats This document provides information on It Came From The Moon for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Pad. HTML5 Phone. Starting the game Bet value Flash game: The number of lines is fixed at 20. Select your stake per line. The total bet value is calculated by multiplying the stake per line value by 20. Example: 0.05 (stake per line) x 20 (lines in play) = 1.00 (total bet value). Note: The selected stake per line applies to all selected win lines; it is not possible to stake different values on individual lines. Pad and Phone games: The number of lines is fixed at 20; simply select your total bet value. • The stake per line value is the total bet value divided by 20. Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. At various points during the game the start button can be pressed to speed up transfers of winnings and simultaneously start the next game and skip the jackpot and feature screens. Once pressed, start changes to stop. The stop button can be pressed to stop all remaining spinning reels simultaneously. Pad and Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. The Pad game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto Button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. During auto play, although not advertised, pressing start speeds up transfers of winnings to the paid display and simultaneously starts the next game. Pad game: Pressing the auto button will provide the option to select 10, 25 or 50 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Displays Information Display At different points during game play this will show information about the game. Bet Display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Win Display At different points during game play this will display: Total win line payouts. Bonus round payouts. Paid Display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash : Full cabinet view. Close‐up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Pad and Phone: Both Pad and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Payout pop‐ups – Flash only Before starting a game, clicking on any reel symbol will display that symbol’s potential payouts for the current bet selection. Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted. The win line and payout information will be displayed. The total amount won will be shown. If multiple wins are obtained, the wins will be advertised in sequence from the highest through to the lowest. The wins will rotate through until any button is pressed; this will also clear the information display and the win/paid display. Payout values Any payouts over the maximum prize (2000 x total bet value) will be ignored. All win line payouts must appear on an active win line consecutively from the far left reel. Only the highest win per active win line is awarded. Win line payouts are multiplied by the stake per line value apart from where otherwise stated. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 X 4 X 5 Note: Best combination possible is three x5 payouts + four x3 payouts = 40,000 total _ _ 100 1 x It Came From The Moon symbol + 2 Wilds 2,500 1 x It Came From The Moon symbol + 3 Wilds 10,000 1 x It Came From The Moon symbol + 3 Wilds + another It Came From The Moon symbol _ _ 40 160 1,000 _ _ 40 160 1,000 _ _ 40 160 1,000 _ _ 40 160 1.000 _ _ 6 12 120 _ _ 5 10 100 _ _ 4 8 80 _ _ 3 6 60 _ _ 2 4 40 _ _ Three in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards ‘It Came From The Moon’ bonus round. _ _ Bonus Round When three bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere in the window on reels 2, 3 and 4: Any coincidental win line payouts are displayed. The It Came From The Moon bonus round will be awarded. Please note: Bonus scatter symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. The It Came From The Moon bonus round will begin, during which: Spaceships are selected to accumulate prizes, starting on level 1 and working up to level 5. Move up to the next level when a Moon Bug is revealed. If all prizes are revealed on a level, a bonus multiplier is awarded. Bonus multipliers are awarded as follows: o All prizes revealed on 1 level = x2 multiplier. o All prizes revealed on 2 levels = x3 multiplier. o All prizes revealed on 3 levels = x4 multiplier. o All prizes revealed on 4 levels = x5 multiplier. o All prizes revealed on 5 levels = x6 multiplier. Shoot the Mothership for an extra prize. All prizes are added together and multiplied by any bonus multiplier won. The Jackpot can be won either on the reels or in the bonus round by revealing a Moon Bug as the first selection on each of the 5 levels. This will trigger the jackpot bug screen for the opportunity to select the bug carrying the jackpot prize. When the It Came From The Moon bonus round is complete: The total win will be shown. Note: The maximum that can be won during the It Came From The Moon bonus round is the jackpot value (2000 x total bet value). General Information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and£960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is no less than 95.12%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017