Keno Game overview Keno is played by betting on which numbered balls will be drawn from a pot of eighty. Twenty balls are drawn each game and prizes are paid depending on the number of balls selected and the number of correct selections. Formats This document provides information on Keno for the following game formats: HTML5 Pad. HTML5 Phone. The game Starting the game Selecting your bet Press the Bet Up and Bet Down buttons to increase or decrease your Bet. Your Bet value is displayed in the Bet display. Selecting your numbers Press on any number to select it. You may select between 1 and 15 numbers. The payouts for all possible outcomes are displayed each time you make a change. Deselecting a number Press on any already selected number to deselect it. Clear all selections Press the Clear button to completely clear all selections Randomly selecting numbers Press the RND button to pop-up a grid of buttons marked 1-15. Press the desired number to randomly select that many numbers. Phone only : Swipe fingers from RND button to grid to complete above steps in one motion. Play Press the Play button to start the game. 20 numbered balls will be randomly drawn from the 80 available. Each number drawn will be displayed on the number in gold or red. (Gold for a correctly selected number and red for a miss). As correct numbers are drawn, the Payouts display will update to show the current win value. Turbo play During play, press the Turbo button to toggle between normal and fast play. Repeat play To play another game using the same numbers, simply press Play again. Auto Play Press the Auto button start Auto Play. On phone: The game will automatically start and play through 5 games. On pad: The Auto Play panel will pop-up offering either 10, 25 or 50 spins. Press the desired number to automatically play through that number of games. Cancelling Auto Play During Auto Play, press the Stop Auto button to stop Auto Play at the end of the current game. Displays Balance - shows the player’s balance. Bet - displays the total bet value per game. Paid - displays the total paid. Last Bet - displays the total value of the last bet placed. Bet types and payouts The player is paid based on how many numbers drawn match the numbers selected. There are 15 pay tables (1 for each number of spots picked) with each giving a payout multiplier for the number of spots matched. For example, if the player sets the stake at £5.00, chooses 5 balls and successfully matches 2, then payout table number 5 will be selected from the list below. Position 2 in the table is used with a multiplier of 1.5 giving a payout of £5 x 1.5 = £7.50. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £970,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 97%. The expected RTP for this game is between 94.35% – 96.20%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 10/14/2019