Pentagram Game overview Pentagram is a three reel, five win line slot machine with a free spins bonus round. The Jackpot can be won either by lining up three Jackpot symbols or by accumulating wins in the free spins bonus round. Lining up ‘PENT’, ‘STAR’ and ‘GRAM’ on a win line awards double the bet value plus the free spins bonus round. During the bonus round all wins (including the initiating win and any coincidental wins) are accumulated and the appearance of the ‘STAR’ symbol, anywhere on the middle reel, doubles the running total up to a possible maximum of the Jackpot value. Formats This document provides information on Pentagram for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Pad. HTML5 Phone. The game Starting the game Bet value Select the total bet value. Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. At various points during the game the start button can be pressed to speed up transfers of winnings and simultaneously start the next game. Pad and Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. The Pad game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Pad game: Pressing the auto button will provide the option to select 10, 25 or 50 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Displays Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Win display At different points during game play this will display: Total win line payouts. Bonus round payouts. Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash: Full cabinet view. Close-up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Pad and Phone: Both Pad and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Payout pop-ups – Flash only Before starting a game, clicking on any reel symbol will display that symbol’s potential payouts for the current bet selection. Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted, animated and will be outlined in the win line colour. The win line and payout information will be displayed. The total amount won will be shown. If multiple wins are obtained, the wins will be advertised in sequence from win line 1 to win line 5. All win line payouts must appear on an active win line. Payout values Any payouts over the maximum prize (250 x total bet value) will be ignored. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 _ _ 250 _ _ 50 _ _ 10 _ _ 10 _ _ 2 _ _ 2 _ _ 2 - 2 and awards ‘Free Spins’ bonus round. Doubles Total Win during the ‘Free Spins’ bonus round - - Free spins bonus round When ‘PENT’, ‘STAR’ and ‘GRAM’ appear on an active win line: Any coincidental win line payouts are displayed. The payout value for ‘PENT’, ‘STAR’ and ‘GRAM’ is displayed. The free spins bonus round splash screen will appear. The free spins bonus round will begin, during which: The total payout for any wins will be displayed. The number of free spins left to play will be displayed. Win line payouts are as per normal game play. The free spins bonus round cannot be re-triggered. (‘PENT’, ‘STAR’ and ‘GRAM’ still award double the bet value). Pentagram symbol comes into play. The Pentagram Bonus is awarded when the pentagram symbol appears anywhere on the centre reel. The Pentagram symbol is only active during the free spins bonus round. When the pentagram symbol appears on the centre reel: Any coincidental win line payouts are added to the total win. The total win will be doubled (up to the maximum prize only). When the free spins bonus round is complete: The total win will be shown. Note: The maximum that can be won during the free spins bonus round is the jackpot value (250 x total bet value). Any payouts over this value, or unused free spins, will be ignored. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is no less than 95.20%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017