Randalls Riches Game Overview Randall’s Riches is a five reel, 10 line slot machine with a US gold rush prospector theme. The Jackpot is won by getting 5 Gold Randall’s Riches symbols on any win line or via one of the two Bonus Rounds available. The Randall’s Riches symbol is also a wild symbol which substitutes for a number of other symbols. Gold versions of symbols award multipliers to the original win line payout. The Gold Randall’s Riches symbol acts as a Gold version of the symbol it substitutes for. When three TNT symbols appear on a win line on reels 1,2 and 3, the ‘Search for Randall’s Riches’ bonus round is awarded. When you enter the bonus round, you’ll find weapons lined up at the mouth of a cave; pick which weapons you think will release the most treasure when used to blast the cave. When three or more Pick Axe scatter symbols appear anywhere in the window the Pick Axe bonus is awarded. Pick one of the hovering axe symbols to break open a rock and reveal the prize inside. Formats This document provides information on Randall’s Riches for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Pad. HTML5 Phone. Starting the game Bet value Flash game: Select the number of lines to be played (between 1 and 10) and the stake per line. The total bet value is calculated by multiplying the stake per line value by the number of lines selected. Example: 0.05 (stake per line) x 10 (lines in play) = 0.50 (total bet value). Note: The selected stake per line applies to all selected win lines; it is not possible to stake different values on individual lines. Pad and Phone games: The number of lines is fixed at 10; simply select your total bet value. The stake per line value is the total bet value divided by 10. Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. At various points during the game the start button can be pressed to speed up transfers of winnings and simultaneously start the next game and skip the jackpot and feature screens. Once pressed, start changes to stop. The stop button can be pressed to stop all remaining spinning reels simultaneously. Pad and Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. The Pad game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto Button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. During auto play, although not advertised, pressing start speeds up transfers of winnings to the paid display and simultaneously starts the next game. Pad game: Pressing the auto button will provide the option to select 10, 25 or 50 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Displays Information Display At different points during game play this will show information about the game. Bet Display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Win Display At different points during game play this will display: Total win line payouts. Bonus round payouts. Paid Display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash : Full cabinet view. Close-up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Pad and Phone: Both Pad and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Payout pop-ups – Flash only Before starting a game, clicking on any reel symbol will display that symbol’s potential payouts for the current bet selection. Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted. The win line and payout information will be displayed. The total amount won will be shown. If multiple wins are obtained, the wins will be advertised in sequence from the highest through to the lowest. The wins will rotate through until any button is pressed; this will also clear the information display and the win/paid display. Flash: Clicking on any win line number will display that win line’s position and any win achieved on it in the last game. Payout values Any payouts over the maximum prize (1000 x total bet value) will be ignored. All win line payouts must appear on an active win line consecutively from the far left reel. Only the highest win per active win line is awarded. Win line payouts are multiplied by the total bet value apart from where otherwise stated. X 1 X 2 X 3 X 4 X 5 _ 2 40 125 1,000 _ _ 30 90 300 _ _ 25 75 250 _ _ 20 60 200 _ _ 2 4 16 _ _ 2 4 16 _ _ 1 2 8 _ _ 1 2 8 _ _ 1 2 8 _ _ Bonus Round - - _ _ 2 - 50 x Bet 3- in view anywhere in window. 10 - 100 x Bet 4- in view anywhere in window. 100–1000 x Bet 5 in view anywhere in window. Gold Multiplier Symbols Gold versions of symbols award the following multipliers to the original win line payout:  5 Gold symbols… x10  4 Gold symbols… x5  3 Gold symbols… x4  2 Gold symbols… x3  1 Gold symbol… x2 Wild Randall’s Riches Symbol The Randall’s Riches symbol is wild and substitutes for the Gun, Horseshoe, Lamp, Shaver and Beans symbols. The Gold Randall’s Riches symbol acts as a Gold version of the symbol it substitutes for. Bonus Rounds When three TNT symbols appear on a win line on reels 1,2 and 3: Any coincidental win line payouts are displayed. The Randall’s Riches bonus round will be awarded. Select one of the TNT symbols to reveal the number of ‘picks’ (3,4 or 5) awarded. The Randall’s Riches bonus round will begin, during which: 5 weapons will be lined up at the mouth of a cave. Keep selecting weapons until all the picks have been used up. A prize is displayed for each of the selected weapons. When the Randall’s Riches bonus round is complete: The total win will be shown. When three or more Pick Axe scatter symbols appear anywhere in the window the Pick Axe bonus is awarded. Pick one of the hovering axe symbols to break open a rock and reveal the prize inside. Note : The maximum that can be won during the Randall’s Riches bonus round is the jackpot value (1000 x total bet value) General Information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and£960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is no less than TBC The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017