Spin Dizzy Spin Dizzy features ‘magic’ Spinners that appear over the reels. The Spinners can display a number of different symbols, awards or blanks, depending on which feature is currently active. In all cases, the Spinners slow to a stop, revealing either a symbol or award which replaces the symbol on the reel below, or in some cases, nothing at all. When nothing is displayed, the symbol on the reel behind the Spinner remains active. Spinning Wilds Triggered at random during the reel spin. A fairy creates a random number of Wild Spinners over the reels. As they spin, they alternate between the Wild symbols and nothing at all. The fairy can also upgrade Wild Spinners to have a x2 or x3 Multiplier! Reels stop. Spinners slow to a stop, displaying either the Wild (with any associated Multiplier) or a blank. All wins are paid. Any Multiplier Wilds used to form a winning line are added together before multiplying the win by that amount. Uses a different set of reels with no Wild or Scatter symbols. Spinning Matching Symbols Triggered at random during the reel spin. A fairy creates a random number of Symbol Spinners over the reels, all displaying the same symbol. The symbols change every time the Spinners revolve to show the other side. Spinners slow to a stop, all displaying the same symbol. There are no blanks in this feature. Reels stop and all wins are paid. Uses a different set of reels with no Scatter symbols. Spinning Wilds Free Spins Triggered by 3 or 4 Scatter symbols. Reels disappear and 15 Spinners appear, 1 over where each reel position was. Each Spinner changes what it displays every time it revolves to show the other side. Each Spinner can display Wild, Wild x2, Wild x3, +1 Free Spin, +2 Free Spins or +3 Free Spins. Spinners slow to a stop, all randomly displaying Wild or Free Spin values. All Spinners displaying Free Spins are removed as the number of spins are added together to display the total awarded for the feature. The Spinners displaying Wilds remain in place and start spinning again. Each one remembers its Wild value and alternates between this and a blank each time it revolves to show the other side. The reels return, already spinning. The reels and Spinners all stop with the Spinners stopping on either the Wild value or a blank. If a Wild symbol lands on a reel position directly under a Spinner, the Spinner is forced to land on its Wild side. The Wild Multiplier value is then increased by 1 and this value is remembered for all remaining Free Spins. All wins are paid. Any Multiplier Wilds used to form a winning line are added together before multiplying the win by that amount. If a Wild symbol landed on a reel position that didn’t have a Spinner directly over it, a new Spinner is created and remembered for the remaining Free Spins. Uses a different set of reels with no Scatter symbols. At the current bet value, the maximum payout in any one game is €500,00 Any wins over this value, or unused Free Spins, will be cancelled. Feature Repeater The Spinning Wilds Free Spins can repeat again and again! Awarded by the appearance of the Fairy after the Free Spins have ended. When awarded, another Spinning Wilds Free Spins feature is played from the very beginning and any prizes won are added to any total already won. The total prize from multiple feature rounds cannot exceed the maximum payout. Return to Player This game is random. The expected return for this game is 95.28% 2019 Realistic Games Ltd. All rights reserved. REALISTIC GAMES (Number UK00003141710) is a registered trademark of Realistic Games Ltd. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 50,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). User Interface Balance and Bet values are visible at all times on the bottom bar. Tap to access settings and game information. Tap to turn sound on or off. Tap to return to the game. 16:44 A clock is displayed in the game. This clock displays the time as reported by the device upon which the game is played. 2398491874 A Bet ID is displayed in the game. This Bet ID can be used by the gaming site owner to find the specific game round, should clarification be required. Play the Game Start: Tap to spin the reels at the current bet value. Auto: Tap to access the auto-play settings page. Stop: The number of remaining auto-play spins is displayed on the button. Tap to stop auto-play at any time. Setting auto-play This settings page allows you to set some parameters during auto-play. Number of auto-play games: Choose the number of games to play (10, 25, 50 or 100). Maximum Loss: Set the maximum loss during the auto-play games. Stop when any win equals or exceeds: Choose a win value to stop the auto-play games. If any of these parameters is reached or exceeded the auto-play games will stop. The Start button will light when a permissible combination of settings has been met. Note: Some auto-play options are mandatory for some jurisdictions Setting bet values This settings page displays a grid of bet values that are available for the given game. The current bet value is highlighted. Tap a different bet value to select it. Tap the back button to return to the game. This bet value is the total bet per game. Where applicable, banking functions may also link from this page. Additional Information The following information may be subject to further terms, conditions or processes of the gaming site owner. Incomplete games Incomplete games are stored for up to 7 days. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the game round. If a game is incomplete for more than the stated time period the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.