Super Graphics Super Lucky Game Overview Super Graphics Super Lucky is a three reel, 5 win line arcade style slot with a new concept free spins bonus round. If three overlaid capsule symbols appear on any win line the Super Graphics Super Lucky Bonus Round is triggered. 12 free spins are awarded with a x1 multiplier. During the Free Spins, the multiplier can be increased and the jackpot can be won by lighting 3 character icons. Formats This document provides information on Super Graphics Super Lucky for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Pad. HTML5 Phone. The game Playing the game Bet value Select the total bet value. Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. Pad and Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. The Pad game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Pad game: Pressing the auto button will provide the option to select 10, 25 or 50 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Displays Various displays are used to show important information to the player during the game. On phone, some of these displays appear as pop-ups, only when needed. Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Win display At different points during game play this will display: Total win line payouts. Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash: Full cabinet view. Close-up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Pad and Phone: Both Pad and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted. The win value will be shown. The total amount won will be shown. Payout values Super Graphics Super Lucky has a maximum payout of 250 x the total bet value, per game. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 _ _ 250 _ _ 20 _ _ 5 _ _ 4 _ _ 3 _ _ 2 _ _ 1 _ _ Free Spins Bonus Round Super Graphics Super Lucky Bonus Round Feature: 3 capsules award a win equal to 1 x the stake value plus 12 free spins in the Free Spins Bonus Round. Any coincidental wins are added to the initiating award and displayed in the total win display. During the Free Spins all wins are added to the total win. Capsule Multiplier (During Free Spins) Each time a capsule lands on the centre reel the multiplier value is increased by one. When the feature ends the total win is multiplied by the multiplier value. Jackpot Bonus (During Free Spins) In addition to the multiplier, each capsule reveals one of three characters, lighting the corresponding icon. If all three are lit, the jackpot is awarded. Free spins cannot be re-triggered. The maximum pay out during any game and / or feature is 250 x the stake value. If the maximum pay out is reached during the feature any remaining free spins are cancelled. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is 95.35%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017