Snakes and Ladders Game Overview Snakes and Ladders is a 3 reel, 5 line UK Arcade/Bingo style slot machine with a ‘Snakes and Ladders Feature. The Jackpot can be won either by lining up three ‘Snakes and Ladders’ symbols, or, during the feature, by reaching the top of the Snakes and Ladders board. There is also the opportunity to get a ‘Repeat Jackpot Chance’ every time the Jackpot is won. Lining up the 3 Dice symbols begins the ‘Snakes and Ladders’ feature. Pressing the Dice button moves the player around the board until a prize is landed on. Landing on a prize after rolling a double will double the win. Formats This document provides information on Snakes and Ladders for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Pad. HTML5 Phone. The game Starting the game Bet value Select the total bet value. Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. At various points during the game the start button can be pressed to speed up transfers of winnings and simultaneously start the next game. Pad and Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. The Pad game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Pad game: Pressing the auto button will provide the option to select 10, 25 or 50 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Displays Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Win display At different points during game play this will display: Total win line payouts. Bonus round payouts. Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash: Full cabinet view. Close-up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Pad and Phone: The Phone game can be played in landscape and portrait view. The Pad game can only be played in portrait view. Payouts Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted. The win line and payout information will be displayed. The total amount won will be shown. If multiple wins are obtained, the wins will be advertised in sequence from win line 1 to win line 5. All win line payouts must appear on an active win line. Payout values Snakes and Ladders has a maximum payout of 600 times the bet value, per game. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 _ _ 30 + Jackpot repeat chance _ _ 15 _ _ 6 _ _ 5 _ _ 4 _ _ 4 _ _ 3 on a win line awards ‘Snakes and Ladders’ feature Feature round When 3 dice symbols appear on a win line: The ‘Start’ square on the board will flash (on the flash game if the view is zoomed in on the reels, the game will switch view to show all of the cabinet). Pressing the dice button will begin the feature, during which: The roll of the dice will be shown. Landing at the base of a ladder will result in moving up the board. Landing on the head of a snake will result in moving down the board. Continue to roll the dice until landing on a blue numbered award square which gives a payout equal to the bet value multiplied by the blue award value. Landing on a blue award square after rolling a double, multiplies the total win by 2. Whenever the Jackpot is won, either on the reels or during the feature, a ‘Jackpot Repeat Chance’ is offered, during which: Pressing the start button determines the yes / no outcome. Obtaining yes will award the Jackpot prize again and another chance at the ‘Jackpot Repeat Chance’. Obtaining no ends the game. Note: The ‘Jackpot Repeat Chance’ is only awarded up to a maximum of 9 times for any one game. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and£960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is 95.00%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017