Symmetry Game overview Symmetry is a five reel, ten-win line (fixed line) slot and will be delivered as a full page game. The game pays left to right, right to left and the centre 3 reels. The game has a Symmetrical theme to trigger the higher end bonus round. The feature is triggered when all 5 reels display a stack of 3 identical symbols. The Symmetry feature is triggered when all 5 reels display a stack of 3 identical symbols and reel 1 matches reel 5 and reel 2 matches reel 4. Once the feature is triggered, the player stops the flashing light on one of the stacks of symbols. In the normal bonus round all other reels will spin to create stacks of 1, 2 or 3 of the selected symbol, creating a win for the player. In the Symmetry bonus round all other reels will spin to create a full stack of the selected symbol on ALL reels, creating a full house win for the player of the selected symbol. Symmetry has a maximum prize of 500 x the total starting stake. Formats This document provides information on Symmetry for the following game formats: HTML5 Desktop. HTML5 Tablet. HTML5 Phone. The game Playing the game Bet value The player can select their desired bet value by clicking on the Menu icon just above the clock. The player then selects the bet value by selecting from the screen below: Start button Upon pressing the start button, the game will spin all 5 reels. Any winning combinations are then paid. Auto button Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options for the player as follows: Select the number of games to play (Max 100) o Select the maximum loss value If required, enter a value to stop at once this value is reached Once the desired options have been selected, pressing the start button will start the auto play. Pressing the cancel button will return the player to the game. Once auto play is in operation, pressing the stop button at any time will cancel the auto play feature. Displays Various displays are used to show important information to the player during the game. On phone, some of these displays appear as pop-ups, only when needed. Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game, payouts and auto play. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Desktop: Close-up view of the reels only. Payouts Win line payouts When winning lines are obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted The win values will be shown The total amount won will be shown Payout values Symmetry has a maximum payout of 500 x the starting stake value. Symbol 1x 2x 3x 4x 5x - - 50 100 250 - - 30 60 150 - - 20 40 100 - - 20 40 100 - - 10 20 50 - - 10 20 50 - - 5 10 25 - - 5 10 25 Win lines Symmetry has 10 fixed win lines, as follows: Win ways Symmetry pays wins from the following ways: Left to right starting on the left-most reel Right to left starting on the right-most reel. The centre 3 reels. Bonus round and symmetry bonus Standard bonus round The bonus round is awarded when all five reels contain a stack of three matching symbols. Each stack can be different from its neighbour but each one must contain one symbol only. Symmetry bonus round The Symmetry bonus round is awarded when all five reels contain a stack of three matching symbols and the symbols form a symmetrical pattern (reel 1 is the same as reel 5 and reel 2 is the same as reel 4). The player is guaranteed a full-house of the selected symbol on the subsequent re-spin. If any winning combination is present, it is paid first, before awarding the bonus round. During the standard bonus or symmetry bonus, each reel is rapidly lit up in turn. Pressing the start button will reduce the speed until one is lit. This reel and any others displaying the same symbol will now be held whilst all remaining ones will be re-spun to give the player winning combinations. In the standard bonus, the non-held reels will re-spin to 1, 2 or 3 of the selected symbol on each reel. In a symmetry bonus, all non-held reels will re-spin to a stack of the chosen symbol thus awarding a full house. Full-house on initiating spin If a full house was produced to initiate the feature, then the player will be paid for the initial full house and then all the reels will be held and none are re-spun. The player will then be paid for the full house again. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is no less than 95.56%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from within the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 4/18/2017