6 Appeal Deluxe Pull each of the four tabs to reveal the symbols. You have four chances to reveal a winning tab line each game. How to Play Tap start to purchase your game card. Tap, hold and slide the pull tab right to left to reveal the outcome of the game. Tap the glowing start button to reveal the outcome of all 4 tabs. Return to Player This game is random. The expected return for this game is 95% © 2017 Realistic Games Ltd. All rights reserved. 6 APPEAL (UK00003141735 ) and REALISTIC GAMES (UK00003141710) are registered trademarks of Realistic Games Ltd. User Interface Balance and Bet values are visible at all times on the bottom bar. Tap to access settings and game information. Tap to turn sound on or off. Tap to return to the game. A clock is displayed in the game. This clock displays the time as reported by the device upon which the game is played. A Bet ID is displayed in the game. This Bet ID can be used by the gaming site owner to find the specific game round, should clarification be required. Play the Game Tap to place your bet. Tap to reveal all pull tabs. Tap, hold and slide to the left to reveal a pull tab. Tap to access the auto-play settings page. The number of remaining auto-play games is displayed on the button. Tap to stop auto-play at any time. Setting auto-play This settings page allows you to set some parameters during auto-play. Number of auto-play games: Choose the number of games to play (10, 25, 50 or 100). Maximum Loss: Set the maximum loss during the auto-play games. Stop when any win equals or exceeds: Choose a win value to stop the auto-play games. If any of these parameters is reached or exceeded the auto-play games will stop. The Start button will light when a permissible combination of settings has been met. Note: Some auto-play options are mandatory for some jurisdictions Setting bet values This settings page displays a grid of bet values that are available for the given game. The current bet value is highlighted. Tap a different bet value to select it. Tap the back button to return to the game. This bet value is the total bet per game. Where applicable, banking functions may also link from this page. Additional Information The following information may be subject to further terms, conditions or processes of the gaming site owner. Incomplete games Incomplete games are stored for up to 7 days. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the game round. If a game is incomplete for more than the stated time period the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/1/2020