Sunset Reels Game Overview Sunset Reels is a three reel, five line Arcade/Bingo style slot machine. The Jackpot is won by lining up three ‘7’ symbols. A Full House of any symbol on the reels doubles the win. Formats This document provides information on Sunset Reels for the following game formats: Flash. HTML5 Pad. HTML5 Phone. The game Starting the game Bet value Select the total bet value. Start button Flash game: Press the start button to spin the reels. At various points during the game the start button can be pressed to speed up transfers of winnings and simultaneously start the next game. Pad and Phone games: Press the start button to spin the reels. The Pad game has the additional option to use thumb control start buttons – these buttons can be turned on / off by pressing the tool button and selecting the on / off toggle button. Auto button Flash game: Pressing the auto button will provide various auto play options. Once the desired options have been selected, press the begin button to start auto play. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Pad game: Pressing the auto button will provide the option to select 10, 25 or 50 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Phone game: Pressing the auto button will start 10 auto spins. Pressing the stop button at any time cancels auto play. Displays Information display At different points during game play this will show information about the game. Bet display This displays the total bet value charged per game. Win display At different points during game play this will display: Total win line payouts. Paid display This displays the total paid for a complete bet. Game views The game can be played in different views, as follows: Flash: Full cabinet view. Close-up view of the reels only. Press the Real 2 Reel button to toggle between the views. Pad and Phone: Both Pad and Phone games can be played in landscape and portrait view. Payouts Win line payouts When a winning line is obtained: The winning symbols will be highlighted, animated and will be outlined in the win line colour. The win line and payout information will be displayed. The total amount won will be shown. If multiple wins are obtained, the wins will be advertised in sequence from win line 1 to win line 5. All win line payouts must appear on an active win line. Payout values Sunset Reels has a maximum payout of 160 x the total bet value, per game. Symbols X 1 X 2 X 3 _ _ 160 _ _ 40 _ _ 40 _ _ 8 _ _ 8 _ _ 8 _ _ 8 Any Full House pays x 2 _ _ Full House bonus A Full House of any symbol awards double the normal reel win. When a Full House is obtained: The wins will be highlighted from win line one. The total payout will be displayed. General information Random game play This game is totally random; the odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same and are not based on any other factors or prior outcomes e.g. stake value, previous wins or losses, time of day, account balance etc. Return to player percentage The expected return to player (RTP) reflects the theoretical return over a large number of plays. The RTP is expressed as the percentage returned to players in winnings of the total amount staked, e.g. if £1,000,000 was staked and £960,000 was returned, the RTP of the game for that period of play would be 96%. The expected RTP for this game is 95.34%. The actual RTP during a playing session can vary widely, in either direction, from the theoretical return. Other Game rules and information can be accessed from the game for all formats of the game. Last modification date: 1/31/2017