Road Hogs Game objective: Road Hogs is a five-reel, fifty-payline jackpot slot game with the Road Hogs free spins feature. When 3 or more scattered Bike symbols appear anywhere in view, the player is required to choose one scattered Bike which reveals the number of free spins and multiplier awarded. The Road Hogs free spins feature can retrigger more free spins. top The Big One jackpot: The Big One jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest - Blitz Cash Jackpot, Quick Cash Jackpot, Super Cash Jackpot, Mega Cash Jackpot, and Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the five running jackpots. All five levels in The Big One jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the more chance to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has been triggered during the base game which also triggers the Road Hogs free spins feature, the jackpot feature is played and shown after the completion of free spins. top Game information: The game is played with 50 variable lines. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects maximum bet for 50 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each highlighted payline. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. All wins occur on selected paylines except scattered bike symbol. The wild symbol is the Road Hogs logo. The Road Hogs logo wild symbol can appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes all other symbols except scatter and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Bike symbols. Wild symbols can also appear during free spins. Malfunction void all pays and plays. top How to play: 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default and game will be played with 50 variable lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 50 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of ‘BETS’ indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, the bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet per line, instead a Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. All the 50 lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. RULES: To view the game rules click on RULES button which is located below the TOTAL BET meter. Jackpot rules can be viewed by clicking on ‘JACKPOT RULES’ button in game rules page. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located below the RULES button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the played bet lines will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line wins are shown in the ticker area under the five reels. top The Road Hogs free spins feature: The Road Hogs free spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bike symbols appear anywhere in view. Scatter symbols animate and wait for the player to select any bike. Upon selection of a bike, a symbol will display free spins and multipliers won, while the other remaining bike symbols reveal free spins and multipliers greyed out (but not won). All line wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The Road Hogs free spins feature can retrigger more free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient balance. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in the ‘CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot feature game: When The Big One jackpot is cracked, a message is displayed on the main game screen as “The Big One Jackpot Feature” and in the ticker area below the five reels it shows "Congratulations, you're in to the jackpot game". The main screen then changes to the jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side and a wheel is displayed on the right side. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel. Orange colour represents Blitz Cash Jackpot. Red colour represents Quick Cash Jackpot. Blue colour represents Super Cash Jackpot. Green colour represents Mega Cash Jackpot. Lavender colour represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on top of the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button the wheel rotates and stops at a particular colour and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is hit, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. When clicking on ‘OK’ on the pop-up, it navigates to the main game screen. If multiple jackpots are hit at the same time, on clicking 'OK' on the pop-up, the 'SPIN’ button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. The 'Tick here to disable wheel spin' checkbox will be shown at the bottom of the pop up when any of the five jackpots is won. If the player checks the option, the player will not be taken to the jackpot feature screen when the jackpot is triggered next time. Instead the player will be displayed the jackpot winning pop-up on the main game screen with this option checked. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the Road Hogs main game screen and also by clicking on the total casino jackpots displayed at the bottom left corner of the casino main lobby. The larger your wager, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Only real.money bets contribute to the Jackpot. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu wherever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the ‘BUY-IN’ window pops up allowing you to buy in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play-money mode. Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. top The Road Hogs free spins feature Game: The Road Hogs free spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bike symbols appear anywhere in view. Scatter symbols animate and wait for the player to select any bike. Upon selection of a bike, a symbol will display free spins and multipliers won, while the other remaining bike symbols reveal free spins and multipliers greyed out (but not won). All the line wins during free spins including the wins from the re-triggered spins are multiplied by the initially awarded free spins multiplier. The number of free spins and multipliers awarded is random. The maximum number of free spins that can be awarded is 20 and the maximum multipliers that can be awarded for free spins is 6. The Road Hogs free spins feature can re-trigger more free spins. Free spins are retriggered when 3 or more scattered bike symbols appear anywhere in view during free spins and award the same number of free spins as initially won (but no additional multipliers) which will get added to the total free spins. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Feature wins are added to the game balance. Game/Jackpot rules screen: Click on the 'Rules’ button in the main game screen and the game will navigate to the rules screen. Click on the 'Jackpot Rules' button in the rules screen and the rules screen will navigate to the jackpot rules screen. Click on the 'PAYTABLE' button in the main game screen and the game will navigate to the paytable screen. The theoretical return to a player of this game is 93.97%. top Paylines: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of The Road Hogs free spins feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Road Hogs free spins feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our Customer Service team. top Last modification date: 11/3/2020