Bubbly Wild Fizz Bubble Wins Trigger the Bubble Win feature in the base game by landing 7 or more bubbles across 3 or more reels, to fill up the bottle on the side and change its colour from blue to purple. Bubble Wins award an additional win on top of any line wins, using the symbols that landed in a bubble and transforming them into the same one to pay out as scatters. Bubble scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the number of Bubbles on each reel, to work out the number of winning ways, and multiplying that by the 3, 4 or 5 of a kind win for the transformed symbol, depending on the number of reels Bubbles are present on. For example, if there are 2 Bubbles on 3 reels and 1 on another, and so across a total of 4 reels, the prize will be (2x2x2x1) x 4 of a kind for the symbol it transformed into. Super Bubble Bonus When the bonus starts, each empty position on the grid spins individually, where either prize bubbles or nothing will land. If a bubble lands, it locks on to the grid, and if it is directly adjacent to the Super Bubble, it joins up with it. Also, each new bubble connecting to the Super Bubble counts towards unlocking the rows above, which have the potential for bigger prizes. Prizes on landing bubbles range between 50-200 x coin size on the bottom 5 rows, and between 125-1000 x coin size on the top 3 rows. The bonus begins with 3 lives. If no new bubbles connect to the Super Bubble after all positions stop spinning, a life is lost. The bonus ends when all lives are lost, or if the whole grid is filled with bubbles, when all prizes on bubbles connected in the Super Bubble are awarded as the bonus winnings.3 or more BONUS symbols, landing on any reels, trigger the Super Bubble Bonus . The bonus triggering symbols merge into a Super Bubble with randomly assigned prizes into the middle of a 5x5 grid, with 3 locked rows above. Return To Player (RTP) RTP: 95.44% The RTP is the amount we pay out to players relative to the amount of wagering on the game. For example, if we take $100 of wagers we will, on average, pay out $95.44 of wins. Rules Total bet is 25 x coin size. 50 paylines are played. Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels from the leftmost reel. Only highest win paid on any active payline. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/23/2024