Secrets of the Tiger Hold & Gold Hold & Gold Land 6 or more Gold Coins in the base or bonus game to trigger the Hold & Gold feature, where the Gold, Silver & Bronze fixed jackpots displayed above the reels can also be won. 3 Hold & Gold spins are awarded initially. The triggering Gold Coins lock in place while all other positions respin during the Hold & Gold feature, locking new Coins if they land, as well as resetting the spin counter to 3. If a Tiger Coin lands, it will count up to a multiplier, up to x10, before applying it up to 4 Gold Coins to increase their value. After this the Tiger Coin can turn into a Gold Coin with a value, or a Silver or Bronze Coin to win their respective jackpots. Fill all 15 positions with any Coins to win the Gold jackpot. After either no new Coins land for 3 spins in a row, or all 15 positions are filled with Coins, the feature ends and prizes for all locked Coins are awarded, including any jackpots. The values on the Coins are multiplied by the wagered coin size to calculate the win. Each Gold Coin initially has a value of 25, 50, 75, 100 or 125 x coin size, which can increase by being multiplied by Tiger Coins. The size of the jackpots is dependant on the selected coin size. The Gold jackpot awards 25000 x coin size, Silver 2500 x coin size, Bronze 1000 x coin size. All 3 jackpots can be won in the same feature, but only 1 of each jackpot can be won in the same feature. Free Spins Bonus Land 3 or more BONUS symbols to trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 15 Free Spins awarded initially. All line and scatter wins are tripled during free spins. Any time during Free Spins, if 3 or more BONUS symbols land, an extra 15 Free Spins will be awarded Return To Player (RTP) RTP: 95.00%. The RTP is the amount we pay out to players relative to the amount of wagering on the game. For example, if we take $100 of wagers we will, on average, pay out $95.00 of wins. Rules Total bet is 25 x coin size. 25 paylines are played. Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels from the leftmost reel. Only highest win paid on any active payline. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 6/19/2024