Ultimate Stars SHIRT COLLECTION Trigger the Matchball Bonus on separate days to collect shirts. The more shirts collected, the higher the RTP. Once a shirt is collected, it remains permanently unlocked for the coin size it was collected at. MATCHBALL BONUS Land 3, 4 or 5 BONUS symbols to trigger the Matchball Bonus and be awarded 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. Before Free Spins start, Players are revealed for that bonus from the collected shirts, which will be either Gold, Silver or Bronze, depending on the shirt they are being revealed from. After the Players have been revealed, the Free Spins start on half of the pitch, with a 3x5 grid, and the Bonus triggering symbols convert into prize Matchballs, locked into the positions they landed in. During Free Spins, either Matchballs with prizes (ranging between 10- 500 x coin size), or Players can land, and each one locks onto the pitch in the positions they land in. Lock in 8+ prizes to unlock a fourth row, to make a 4x5 grid, as well be awarded 3 extra free spins. Lock in 13+ prizes to unlock a fifth row, to make a 5x5 grid, as well be awarded 3 extra free spins. Lock in 18+ prizes to unlock the full pitch, to make a 6x5 grid, as well be awarded 3 extra free spins. Prizes in each position can be increased during free spins by certain player abilities. The final bonus prize awarded will be a total of all prizes locked on the pitch at the end of free spins. RETURN TO PLAYER (RTP) RTP: Minimum 92.29% (1 shirt collected). Maximum 96.84% (5 shirts collected). The RTP is the amount we pay out to players relative to the amount of wagering on the game. For example, if we take $100 of wagers we will, on average, pay out $92.29 of wins when 1 shirt is collected, or pay out $96.84 of wins when 5 shirts are collected. RULES Total bet is 10 x coin size. 20 paylines are played. Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels. Only highest win paid on any active payline. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/2/2024