Secrets of the Phoenix Elements Match 5 or more symbols, touching horizontally or vertically, to win a prize. The more you match, the more you win. Winning combinations explode and new symbols fall in; leading to exciting chain reactions and more chances to win. Only the highest winning symbol combination is paid. Symbol Collection Meter Symbols involved in wins will be accumulated in the Symbol Collection Meter. Wild symbols involved in more than one winning combination are only collected once. 20 symbols are required to fill a section of the meter. There are 5 sections in total. Once completed, the first 4 segments will trigger an Elemental Phoenix feature and the 5th will trigger the Bonus Game. Element Features When there are no more wins, if a section of the meter has been filled, an Element Feature will be triggered. Up to 4 unique features can trigger per spin Fire Strike The Fire Phoenix will appear and create up to 4 WILD stacks on the reels, that will be between 2 and 4 symbols high. Ice Blast The Ice Phoenix will appear and create up to 4 Frozen WILDs that will stay on the reels for a maximum of 2 wins before exploding. Earth Rupture The Earth Phoenix will appear and create up to 4 Giant Symbols that can be up to 4x4 in size, before breaking up into matching smaller symbols. Wind Surge The Wind Phoenix will appear and blow away matching symbols on the reels, leaving behind a number of remaining matching symbols. Free Spins The Free Spins Bonus is triggered after 100 winning symbols have been collected. Choose an egg to determine a number of free spins. 7 - 12 spins can be awarded. During free spins the meter will start with 5 winning symbols collected to make Element Features easier to trigger. Phoenixes are even more powerful in the bonus where they'll award a multiplier on wins while they're active as well as the possibility of awarding additional free spins. Collect 100 winning symbols on any free spin to earn even more additional spins! 4 - 10 spins can be awarded. Return To Player (RTP) RTP: 95.65% The RTP is the amount we pay out to players relative to the amount of wagering on the game. For example, if we take $100 of wagers we will, on average, pay out $95.65 of wins. Rules Total bet is 20 x coin size. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/19/2024