Blue Diamond SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES Wild Respin The Wild Respin substitutes for any symbol. It also gives you one free respin and locks for the free spin. When a second Wild Respin appears on the pay line, it locks again for another free respin. Three Wild Respins pay 888x your stake. Lucky 7 Three Lucky 7s pay 88x your stake Bars 3 x Yellow bars pay 38x your stake. 3 x Green bars pay 28x your stake. 3 x Blue bars pay 18x your stake. Any 3 bars pay 8x your stake. Cherries 1 Cherry pays 1x your stake. 2 Cherries pay 3x your stake. 3 Cherries pay 5x your stake. Payline The game has one pay line, in the middle of the reels. HOW TO PLAY BLUE DIAMOND Total Stake The Total Stake is the total value of your bet for each spin, which is the bet per line multiplied by the number of win lines you're betting on. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or - buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or drag the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar. If you are playing on a mobile device, tap the SPIN button or swipe the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by tapping the same button or the reels again. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to spin the reels automatically at the currently selected stake. You can adjust the total number of spins to play for each autoplay session. The autoplay session will stop after the last spin when the total spins selected have been played if no other setting is active. Select the loss limit The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. More autoplay settings Select MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS to be able to set your autoplay session to stop if a single win exceeds a certain value, if you hit a jackpot win or when you hit a bonus feature. Jackpot Game Win one or more Jackpot tiers when three jackpot symbols appear on the reels. The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest versions of software is recommended. Last modification date: 12/6/2017