Crazy Genie JP Crazy Genie Crazy Genie may appear from the golden lamp at any time and can trigger all features and bonuses! Crazy Coins Crazy Genie appears from his lamp and spins across the reels, releasing coins as he goes for a random instant win prize! Wheel of Bonuses Three Magic Lamp Bonus symbols on reels 2,3 and 4 trigger the Wheel of Bonuses. Crazy Genie dives into the wheel as it spins, and one of 5 bonuses may be awarded. Oasis Bonus Hit the Genie's lamp pinata-style to release coins for the win! Win up to 100x your stake! Lamp Bonus Rub the Lamp quickly to build up big stake multiplier prizes! Win up to 200x your stake! Gift Bonus Pick mystery gifts offered by Crazy Genie to collect stake multiplier prizes! Win up to 1179x your stake! Gold Bonus Receive a random number of spins on the Gold Bonus! With each spin, Crazy Genie throws golden coins into the reels which each reveal a different mystery prize when they land. Golden coins may flip to reveal stake multiplier prizes, or they may award extra Gold Bonus spins! Win up to 1068x your stake! Treasure Bonus Pick your prize from a room full of treasure to reveal generous stake multiplier prizes, and possibly the chance to pick again! Win up to 258x your stake! Wild When a Wild Symbol hit the reels, it substitutes all paying symbols! How to play Crazy Genie The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the SPIN button or use your mouse or touchpad to swipe down on the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down spacebar. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. The RTP is 94.19% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020