Deal or No Deal Blackjack How to play DOND Blackjack Rules Deal or No Deal Blackjack is a re-imagining of the classic casino card game where one or more players compete against the dealer with the option of accepting or refusing the banker's buyout offer at the beginning of each new game, right after the cards are drawn. The cards are drawn in succession and the values of their hands are compared. The game is played with 3 player slots. The highest hand, not exceeding 21, wins. Players aim to beat the dealer in one of the following ways: Get Blackjack – 21 points from the first 2 cards. Blackjack always beats any other hand with a value of 21. Get a higher point value than the dealer, but not exceeding 21. Let the dealer get additional cards, until 21 points аre exceeded (the dealer is 'bust'). The dealer will stand on 17 or higher, and hit to 16. A new set of 8 standard decks of 52 cards is used at the beginning of each round. Card Values & Hands: Face Cards (K,Q,J) are counted as 10 2 to 10 are counted as the value of the card Ace may be used as either 1 or 11 No particular significance is given to any of the 4 suits Hands of equal value to the dealer's are a PUSH, and your bet is returned. If your hand is 22 or higher, you bust regardless of the value of the dealer's hand. You automatically stand when your hand has a value of 21. Game Controls Click on the chip value you wish to play, then drag the chip or click on the betting area to place or increase a bet. You can place a bet on any of the active betting fields. Starting Buttons & Actions DEAL - after placing a bet, use this button to start the game. Once you click on it, cards will be drawn from the deck. x2 DOUBLE - double your bet, before any cards are drawn CLEAR - remove all bets from the table First Dealing Buttons & Actions: HIT - Take another card from the dealer STAND - Do not take any more cards from the dealer DOUBLE DOWN - Doubles the current bet and adds an additional card. No further cards may be requested from the dealer after doubling down - you are dealt one extra card and then your hand automatically stands. You can double down after the first two cards (except after splitting two Aces). The double down bet is equal to the initial bet. Double Down is allowed only on hands with a value of 9, 10 or 11. SPLIT - If the player is dealt a pair, then a SPLIT is an option to separate the two cards into two new hands. The second hand requires an additional bet at the same stake as the first, and the two new hands are each played in turn. Оnly one split per hand is allowed. You can hit multiple times for all split hands, except Aces. For split Aces, you can hit once only. If you have a split Ace and a card with a face value of 10, this is not considered Blackjack, but a regular 21. It is possible to double-down on a split hand. Insurance - If the dealer is showing an ace, the player is offered insurance paying 2:1 at a stake of half the original bet. If insurance is taken and the dealer gets Blackjack, the 2:1 insurance bet is paid out and the initial bet is lost. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, then the insurance bet is lost and the original bet is played normally. New Round Buttons & Actions: DEAL - Accept the current banker's offer, based on the values of the cards visible on the table. This action finishes the current hand. NO DEAL - Reject the current banker's offer and continue on with the game NEW BET - Clear the table ready to place a new bet REBET - Place the same bet again, but don't deal yet REBET & DEAL - Start a new round with the same bet x2 DOUBLE & DEAL - Start a new round with double the previous bet Additional Settings INSURANCE: Switched on by default. When switched off, the player will not be offered insurance. BET WARNINGS: Switched on by default. When switched on, will alert the user when hitting on hard 17 or higher, or standing on 11 or lower. THE BOOK SAYS: Switched off by default. A pop up with recommendations will appear, based on the basic strategy table (see below). SHOW OFFERS: Switched on by default. When switched off, the player will not be offered the DEAL OR NO DEAL bank offer after the hand is dealt. Hotkeys Space - Deal / Rebet Enter - Confirm (eg. Do you want insurance? 'YES') Esc - Cancel (eg. Do you want insurance? 'NO') D - Double Down H - Hit P - Split S - Stand Basic Strategy The basic strategy suggests actions (hit, stand, double down, split), based on the most favourable probability for the player. The "Hard" table displays a hand value that is resulted by no Ace. The "Soft" hand represents an Ace + [2 to 9] as the result being either [3 to 10] or [13 to 20]. The "Pair" table displays the possible pair outcome solutions. RTP: ≈ 99.33%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 10/14/2019