Emerald Diamond SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES BLUE DIAMOND The Blue Diamond symbol is a WILD and substitutes for any other symbols except the Emerald Diamond. As well as being a WILD symbol, the Blue Diamond locks and triggers a RESPIN. Any three Blue Diamond symbols pay 800x stake. EMERALD DIAMOND The Emerald Diamond symbol is a WILD and substitutes for any other symbols except the Blue Diamond. As well as being a WILD symbol, the Emerald Diamond doubles the paytable payouts and it also locks and triggers a RESPIN. Any three Emerald Diamond symbols pay 1000x stake. The 2x multiplier on the Emerald Diamond does not apply to paytable payouts for a win line of three Blue Diamond, three Emerald Diamond or three mixed Blue and Emerald Diamond symbols. WILD 1 Wild + 1 Cherry pays 2 Cherries 2 Wilds + any symbol or 1 Wild + any 2 of the same symbols pay as a regular 3x symbol win line. A single Wild symbol does not substitute for a single Cherry payout. LUCKY 7 Three Lucky 7s pay 80x stake BARS 3 x Yellow Bars pay 40x stake 3 x Green Bars pay 25x stake 3 x Blue Bars pay 15x stake 3 x Any Bars combination pay 10x stake CHERRIES 1 Cherry pays 1x stake 2 Cherries pay 2x stake 3 Cherries pay 5x stake PAYLINE The game has one single payline, horizontal and centred across the reels. HOW TO PLAY EMERALD DIAMOND Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on a Jackpot Win; Stop on Bonus Feature. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest versions of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 95.17% Last modification date: 2/26/2018