Elven Magic SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES ELVEN FEATURES Arrow of Fire The Elven Archer shoots an arrow of fire, burning up tiles on the reels where it lands and leaving fresh new symbols behind. Arrow of Wind The Elven Archer shoots an arrow of wind to leave tiles on the reels spinning, until they finally rest to leave new winning symbols. Arrow of Nature The Elven Archer shoots the arrow of nature at the reels, spreading random wilds where it lands. Arrow of Ice The Elven Archer shoots an arrow of ice at the reels, instantly freezing all the top-paying symbols in place and triggering a free respin. Archery Bonus 3 bonus symbols trigger the Archery Bonus. Take your pick from three quivers of arrows, and see how many shots you'll get at the target of up to a 500x stake multiplier. HOW TO PLAY ELVEN MAGIC Total Stake The Total Stake is the total value of your bet for each spin, which is the bet per line multiplied by the number of win lines you're betting on. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or - buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or drag the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar. If you are playing on a mobile device, tap the SPIN button or swipe the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by tapping the same button or the reels again. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to spin the reels automatically at the currently selected stake. You can adjust the total number of spins to play for each autoplay session. The autoplay session will stop after the last spin when the total spins selected have been played if no other setting is active. Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. More autoplay settings Select MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS to be able to set your autoplay session to stop if a single win exceeds a certain value, if you hit a jackpot win or when you hit a bonus feature. Jackpot Game Win one or more Jackpot tiers when three jackpot symbols appear on the reels. The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest versions of software is recommended. Last modification date: 12/6/2017