Golden Leprachaun Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS™ Each spin awards different ways to win combinations depending on the total number of symbols which land on the reels. Landing a maximum 7 symbols on each of the 6 reels offers a potential 117,649 Megaways™ to win! LEPRECHAUN The Lucky Leprechaun may trigger at any time, offering a pick of three different mushrooms representing the different features. LUCKY WAYS The Lucky Ways feature swaps symbols for a guaranteed win, awarding win ways of up to a six of a kind. RANDOM WILDS The Random Wilds feature adds up to five WILD symbols anywhere on the reels. WILD STACKS The Wild Stacks feature turns up to four reels into WILD STACKS which have a multiplier based on the size of the reel. If more than one Wild Stack symbol makes up part of a win way, then the multiplier values stack - for example 3X * 3X = 9X - increasing the total payout for the winning way. LUCKY SPINS Three or more LUCKY SPINS symbols award LUCKY SPINS. More LUCKY SPINS symbols award more Free Spins. At the beginning of the bonus, the player will pick which feature will be active throughout the whole LUCKY SPINS bonus. A retrigger of more LUCKY SPINS during LUCKY SPINS will not change that pick and no other features but the chosen one will activate. The Lucky Leprechaun will not appear during LUCKY SPINS. LUCKY SPINS in LUCKY SPINS Land three LUCKY SPINS scatter symbols in LUCKY SPINS during a spin or a respin to unlock five EXTRA BONUS SPINS. Landing more than three LUCKY SPINS symbols will award five MORE BONUS SPINS for each additional LUCKY SPINS symbol. LUCKY SPINS WIN MULTIPLIER Each win during LUCKY SPINS increases the WIN MULTIPLIER to boost your next win. The LUCKY SPINS WIN MULTIPLIER does not reset for the duration of LUCKY SPINS, and can only increase with each WIN. HOW TO PLAY PADDYPOWER GOLD MEGAWAYS™ HOW TO PLAY GOLDEN LEPRECHAUN MEGAWAYS™ GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign, any progress in the main game, including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one or more jackpot tiers when three jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot, in the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated. When this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling value and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Ceiling Jackpot The ceiling jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before the advertised maximum prize pot value. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised maximum value, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the ceiling value is reached. The ceiling value is displayed in the jackpot panel at all times. Once the jackpot has been won, a new ceiling jackpot will be made available with a starting prize pot funded by the seed contributions from the previous jackpot, and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Daily Jackpot (time) Current starting value is: €2,246.87, Next minimum starting value is: €2,246.87 Mega Jackpot (progressive) Current starting value is: €56,171.82, Next minimum starting value is: €56,171.82 Must Go 1000 Jackpot (ceiling) Current starting value is: €112.34, Next minimum starting value is: €112.3 Must Go Rapid Jackpot (progressive) Current starting value is: €56.17, Next minimum starting value is: €56.17 The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is 92% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The calculated max multiplier of the game is 10000. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020