Gonzo's Quest Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MegaWays™ Each spin awards a different ways to win combination depending on the total number of symbols which lands on the reels. Landing a maximum 7 symbols on each of the 6 reels offers a potential 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche™ of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Avalanches™ continue until there are no more wins. Avalanche™ Multiplier Winning ways trigger the Avalanche™ Multiplier which increases the reward from each winning way occurring during the spin until it reaches the maximum multiplier. In the basic game the first win way increases it to X2, the second to X3 and the third to X5 which remains for the duration of the spin and applies to all subsequent wins. The Avalanche™ Multiplier resets after the end of the spin. Earthquake The slot may randomly start to shake and all low-paying symbols will be destroyed allowing only high-paying symbols to take their place in the following respins. Unbreakable Wilds Wilds do not break when they participate in a win. Their number will be limited to two on the reels at the same time. The first one can land on the first three reels and the second one on the second three reels. Wilds substitute for both paying symbols and Free Fall symbols. Free Fall Triggered by a win way of at least three Free Fall symbols or a way of at least two Free Fall symbols and a Wild symbol. Each symbol that participates in the win way awards 3 Free Spins. In Free Fall the Avalanche™ Multiplier's progression is as follows: X3, X6, X9, X15. After the end of the bonus round, the player returns to the previous scene, where the symbols that triggered Free Fall are destroyed for a chance of even more wins. The win multiplier from the last respin before the bonus round also remains until there are no more wins. Additional Free Spins may be won during Free Fall. HOW TO PLAY GONZO'S QUEST™ MEGAWAYS™ Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won.The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented.The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling value and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first £2.00 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of £2.00 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Jackpot (time) Current starting value is: £2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: £2,000.00 Mega Jackpot (progressive) Current starting value is: £50,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: £50,000.00 Hourly Jackpot (time) Current starting value is: £100.00, Next minimum starting value is: £100.00 The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. Please be aware that each Casino account allows only a single Red Tiger game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game may not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is 92.01% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The maximum win from a single game is £200,000. The calculated max multiplier of the game is 20972.4. Minimum stake: £0.10. Maximum stake: £10.00. Last modification date: 10/14/2020