Lucky Valentine JP SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES Love Multiplier Cupid activates the Love Multipler to generate a bonus that will multiply line wins by up to 20x. Mega Wild Cupid introduces a huge 3x3 Wild symbol to the reels for MEGA WINS! Love Bomb Cupid shoots his arrow into the air to let Wild Symbols rain down onto the reels! Cupid's Reels Cupid generates a whirlwind, leaving behind only top-paying symbols on the reels for big wins. Tower Bonus 3x Tower Symbols activate the Tower Bonus! Pick the right Lucky Valentine cards and win up to 800x stake! WILD When a WILD symbol lands on the reels, it substitutes a paying symbol! FREE SPINS 3x heart symbols trigger Free Spins! Pick a heart to see how many you've won! HOW TO PLAY LUCKY VALENTINE Total Stake The Total Stake is the total value of your bet for each spin, which is the bet per line multiplied by the number of win lines you're betting on. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or - buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or drag the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar. If you are playing on a mobile device, tap the SPIN button or swipe the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by tapping the same button or the reels again. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to spin the reels automatically at the currently selected stake. You can adjust the total number of spins to play for each autoplay session. The autoplay session will stop after the last spin when the total spins selected have been played if no other setting is active. Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. More autoplay settings Select MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS to be able to set your autoplay session to stop if a single win exceeds a certain value, if you hit a jackpot win or when you hit a bonus feature. Jackpot Game Win one or more Jackpot tiers when three jackpot symbols appear on the reels. The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest versions of software is recommended. The RTP is 92.04% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020