Mega Rise SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES RISING MULTIPLIER Symbols that form win lines are added to the Rising Multiplier bar with a win multiplier. Line wins for each symbol that features in the Rising Multiplier bar are increased by that win multiplier. Each win line a symbol forms increases the multiplier of that symbol by one for future spins. The symbol multiplier may go up to 100x. The Rising Multiplier bar contains three symbols and each game begins with predefined symbol multipliers. Each new symbol that forms a win line will be added to the Rising Multiplier bar, moving two symbols one position and removing the symbol that was added earliest. Symbols that are pushed out of the Rising Multiplier bar have their multiplier reset. Symbols are added to the Rising Multiplier bar based on the index of the win line they form with win line 1 being first and win line 5 being last. MEGA RISE CHIP The Mega Rise Chip may land on any spin. It either increases the multiplier of a random symbol in the Rising Multiplier bar by up to 3x or locks a random symbol in the Rising Multiplier bar until it forms a win line. Only two symbols may be locked at any time. GOLDEN MEGA RISE CHIP The Golden Mega Rise Chip may land on any spin. It either increases the multiplier of a random symbol in the Rising Multiplier bar by up to 7x or locks a random symbol in the Rising Multiplier bar with two locks. Each symbol may have a maximum of three locks at any time. Each spin featuring a win line formed by the locked symbol will remove one of the locks. HOW TO PLAY MEGA RISE GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.15% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020