Mega Pyramid SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES PYRAMID EYE The Pyramid Eye may randomly activate and select a symbol from the slot. The chosen tiles will start cloning on adjacent positions. During the normal game, if two Free Spins symbols hit on reels 1 and 3, the Pyramid may also award an additional Free Spins symbol on reel 5, triggering Free Spins. LOCKED FREE SPINS SYMBOLS When a Free Spins symbol lands it may remain locked for a random number of spins. It may trigger in the normal game and in Free Spins. FREE SPINS SYMBOL Land three Free Spins symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 to unlock 10 FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS When FREE SPINS is triggered, the Pyramid Eye selects a symbol that remains active during the bonus round. The chosen tile clones in random directions each time it appears on the slot. BONUS FREE SPINS Land three FREE SPINS scatter symbols during FREE SPINS to unlock ten more bonus spins. Extra FREE SPINS may be awarded multiple times. HOW TO PLAY MEGA PYRAMID GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state for 12 calendar days from last spin, after which the state is reset. Total Stake he Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on a Jackpot Win; Stop on Bonus Feature.he prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.15% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 5000. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000