Persian Forune JP SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES Chain Reaction Bar Symbols forming win lines disappear, giving way for new symbols to drop in that may form new win lines. The multiplier levels up with each new win line generated, up to a maximum 8x Persian Magic Random symbols are highlighted with a magical frame effect. If a highlighted symbol becomes part of a win line, on the respin it will transform into a new WILD symbol elsewhere on the reels. Magic Carpet Bonus Three BONUS symbols on the reels awards the Magic Carpet Bonus with the chance to win over 1000x stake. Mega Tiles Any symbol may also land as a 2x2 or 3x3 MEGA TILE. Mega tiles may also be highlighted with the magical frame effect, generating extra random wilds if the original mega tile forms part of a win line. HOW TO PLAY PERSIAN FORTUNE Total Stake The Total Stake is the total value of your bet for each spin, which is the bet per line multiplied by the number of win lines you're betting on. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or - buttons." Spin the Reels "If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or drag the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar. If you are playing on a mobile device, tap the SPIN button or swipe the reels to spin. Speed up each reel spin by tapping the same button or the reels again." Autoplay Press the AUTO button to spin the reels automatically at the currently selected stake. You can adjust the total number of spins to play for each autoplay session. The autoplay session will stop after the last spin when the total spins selected have been played if no other setting is active. Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. More autoplay settings Select MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS to be able to set your autoplay session to stop if a single win exceeds a certain value, if you hit a jackpot win or when you hit a bonus feature. Jackpot Game "If you are playing on desktop, click the SPIN button. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down spacebar. If you are playing on a mobile device, tap the SPIN button. Speed up each reel spin by tapping the same button or the reels again. GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. Restart Autoplay Autoplay stopped because the selected amount of auto spins has been reached. Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. More Аutoplay settings Expand the Autoplay dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY STOP including – Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on a Jackpot Win; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one or more jackpot tiers when three jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling value and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Timed Jackpot The timed jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new timed jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Ceiling Jackpot The ceiling jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before the advertised maximum prize pot value. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised maximum value, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the ceiling value is reached. The ceiling value is displayed in the jackpot panel at all times. Once the jackpot has been won, a new ceiling jackpot will be made available with a starting prize pot funded by the seed contributions from the previous jackpot, and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Please check the in-game help pop-up for the starting Jackpot prize values." Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest versions of software is recommended. This game has 92.21% theoretical return to player . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020