Rocket Men JP Don's Driving Range The Don scatter symbol may land in reel 1 on any spin. When Don lands on reel 1 but there is no Kim on reel 5, Don's Driving Range is triggered. In this feature, Don drives golf balls at the reels, smashing symbols away allowing more symbols to drop down to fill the spaces for the chance of new win lines. Don can continue to hit golf balls until he is bored. Kim's Little Game The Kim scatter symbol can land on reel 5 on any spin. When Kim lands on reel 5, but there is no Don on reel 1, Kim's Little Game is triggered. In this feature, Kim tests his rockets by firing them at the reels. Symbols hit by rockets turn WILD. Kim vs Don When the Don scatter symbol lands in reel 1 and the Kim scatter symbol lands in reel 5 on the same spin, the two characters launch projectiles against each other until one wins, or the result is a tie. Boom Time When the Don scatter symbol lands on reel 1 and the Kim scatter symbol lands on reel 5 on the same spin, and then Kim wins the battle, Boom Time is triggered. In this feature, help Kim pick which rockets to launch to hit the biggest prizes. The bonus ends when a rocket misses the target and lands in the sea. Party Time When the Don scatter symbol lands in reel 1 and the Kim scatter symbol lands on reel 5 on the same spin, and then Don wins the battle, Party Time is triggered. In this feature, help Don pick girls to award juicy instant win prizes. NUCLEAR SPINS When the Don scatter symbol lands on reel 1 and the Kim scatter symbol lands on reel 5 on the same spin, and the resulting battle is a tie, NUCLEAR SPINS are triggered. The feature awards unlimited free spins while Don and Kim fire WILD rockets at each other across the reels. The rockets move horizontally across the reels at the rate of one reel per spin, acting as WILDS as they go. A progress bar shows the health of each character, which declines when a rocket hits. Free spins continue until one of the characters is defeated. Don Rocket Wild Substitutes for all paying symbols. Locked Wild symbol. Moves to the right with each spin. Kim Rocket Wild Substitutes for all paying symbols. Locked Wild symbol. Moves to the left with each spin. Nuke Wild Regular Wild, substitutes for all paying symbols. The RTP is 92.25% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/28/2021