Snow Wild And The 7 Features JP SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES LUCKY WHEEL The Lucky Wheel awards one of seven features, or Snow Wild's Magic Kisses, with each spin. SNOW WILD When the Lucky Wheel lands on Snow Wild, she blows three Magic Kisses to award several features from the reel simultaneously. BOOZY When the Lucky Wheel lands on Boozy, he turns on the beer taps to fill one or more reels with beer-froth WILDS. GOLDY When the Lucky Wheel lands on Goldy, he shakes his bucket of gold coins above the reels to award INSTANT WIN prizes. DOZY When the Lucky Wheel lands on Dozy, his snoring blows symbols on the reels around for the chance of MORE WINS. SNEAKY When the Lucky Wheel lands on Sneaky, he cuts out entire panels from the reels and replaces them with a symbol of his choice for BIG WINS. TICKLY When the Lucky Wheel lands on Tickly, his sneezes trigger respins for the chance of MORE WINS. FLASH When the Lucky Wheel lands on Flash, he rocks his electric guitar causing lightning to hit the reels. Where lightning strikes, old symbols are blasted away leaving new ones to drop down in their place for a better chance of a WIN. CRAZY When the Lucky Wheel lands on Crazy, he steals some of the symbols away to replace them with something better for a GUARANTEED WIN. WILD SYMBOLS Wild Symbols substitute for all paying symbols. HOW TO PLAY SNOW WILD AND THE 7 FEATURES TOTAL STAKE The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. SPIN THE REELS Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. AUTOPLAY Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on a Jackpot Win; Stop on Bonus Feature. JACKPOT GAME Win one or more jackpot tiers when three jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. The same jackpot cannot be won by more than one user at the same time. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling value and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. TIME JACKPOT The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. CEILING JACKPOT The ceiling jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before the advertised maximum prize pot value. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised maximum value, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the ceiling value is reached. The ceiling value is displayed in the jackpot panel at all times. Once the jackpot has been won, a new ceiling jackpot will be made available with a starting prize pot funded by the seed contributions from the previous jackpot, and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. DAILY JACKPOT (TIME) Current starting value is: €2,266.83, Next minimum starting value is: €2,266.83 MEGA JACKPOT (PROGRESSIVE) Current starting value is: €56,670.89, Next minimum starting value is: €56,670.89 MUST GO 5K JACKPOT (CEILING) Current starting value is: €566.70, Next minimum starting value is: €566.70 MUST GO RAPID JACKPOT (PROGRESSIVE) Current starting value is: €113.34, Next minimum starting value is: €113.34 For the best gaming experience, use of the latest versions of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 94.25% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020