The Equalizer SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES EXPANDING SLOT The Equalizer may randomly expand the slot with up to 2 extra reels and 2 extra rows for the current spin. Wins are always calculated based on the total number of paylines in the game (60) even when the slot is not expanded. EXPANDING WILDS After the reels stop, the Equalizer may randomly expand the size of random WILDS on the slot up to 1x6. WILD SYMBOL Substitute for all paying symbols. 1x1 WILD symbols may hit on any spin. Expanded WILDS can be up to 1x6. FREE SPINS WILDS that hit during FREE SPINS will remain until the end of FREE SPINS. Every Slot and WILD Expansion triggered will remain until the end of FREE SPINS. SOUND WAVE The speakers in FREE SPINS may randomly send a sound wave across the slot, pushing random WILDS on the screen in the direction of the wave. +SPIN SCATTER SYMBOL Awards one extra FREE SPIN when it lands. May only land during FREE SPINS. HOW TO PLAY THE EQUALIZER Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount;Stop on Bonus Feature. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example : Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.06% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 10000. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 11/3/2020