10001 Nights SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES FEATURE LAMPS Oil Lamp symbols may appear on any spin until all features are unlocked. Collect Oil Lamp symbols to progressively fill the Feature Lamps until each successive feature is unlocked. Once a feature is unlocked it will be triggered on the next spin at the same stake and may continue to trigger randomly on any future spins at that stake. More than one feature may trigger in the same spin if there is more than one feature unlocked. Feature Lamp requirements: - First Stage - 6 Oil Lamps required. Unlocks Imperial Spin feature. - Second Stage - 7 Oil Lamps required - 13 in total. Unlocks Random Wilds feature. - Third Stage - 8 Oil Lamps required - 21 in total. Unlocks Multi-Pick feature. - Fourth Stage - 9 Oil Lamps required - 30 in total. Unlocks Mega Wilds feature. When an Oil Lamp lands, it fills a Feature Lamp and then disappears from the reels, resulting in a fewer Oil Lamps available to land on subsequent spins. IMPERIAL SPIN All low-paying symbols are removed from the reels leaving only high-paying symbols available to land during the spin. RANDOM WILDS A random number of Wild symbols land on the reels. MULTI-PICK Three cards are presented to choose from, each representing a different win multiplier. The multiplier chosen is applied to the next win that occurs. If a multiplier is active before you enter Destiny Spins, the multiplier will be applied to the first win that occurs. If a multiplier is active at the end of Destiny Spins, it will be applied to the next win that occurs after the bonus round has finished. MEGA WILDS One or more 1x4 Mega Wild Symbols appear on the screen. DESTINY SPINS The Free Spins bonus is triggered when at least three Destiny Spins symbols land on the reels. Three symbols trigger 8 bonus spins, four symbols trigger 10 bonus spins and the maximum five symbols trigger 12 bonus spins. Destiny Spins symbols may also land during Free Spins for a re-trigger. If this happens then three symbols trigger 6 additional bonus spins, four symbols trigger 7 additional bonus spins and the maximum five symbols trigger an additional 8 bonus spins. HOW TO PLAY 10,001 NIGHTS GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won.The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented.The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling value and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first £2.00 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of £2.00 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Jackpot (time) Current starting value is: £2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: £2,000.00 Mega Jackpot (progressive) Current starting value is: £50,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: £50,000.00 Hourly Jackpot (time) Current starting value is: £100.00, Next minimum starting value is: £100.00 The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake pided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. Any Scatter Symbol wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single Red Tiger game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game may not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 The RTP is 92.12% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The calculated max multiplier of the game is 10347.6. Minimum stake: £0.10 Maximum stake: £20.00