Tiki Fruits SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES Fruit Bars When a bar is completely filled, the corresponding symbol will be removed from the reels leaving more space for the high value symbols! The bars reset at the end of each round, except in Tiki Spins when they reset at the end of the bonus. Totem Activator The carved faces of the Totem may activate on any spin to remove symbols from the reels, allowing new ones to drop in for the chance of more wins. Tiki Spins Triggered when the Bonus Bar is filled. A random number of Free Spins is awarded. During the Tiki Spins, the Fruit and Bonus Bars do not reset between spins, giving the chance of even more Free Spins and the biggest wins! Chain Reactor When a cluster is formed the winning symbols are removed from the reels, allowing new symbols to drop down and the chance for more clusters and more wins! Cluster A cluster forms when symbols of the same type land vertically or horizontally adjacent to one another. All clusters of five or more identical symbols award a win. HOW TO PLAY TIKI FRUITS Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on a Jackpot Win; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one or more jackpot tiers when three jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot, in the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated. When this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and in some cases the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling value and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Ceiling Jackpot The ceiling jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before the advertised maximum prize pot value. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised maximum value, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the ceiling value is reached. The ceiling value is displayed in the jackpot panel at all times. Once the jackpot has been won, a new ceiling jackpot will be made available with a starting prize pot funded by the seed contributions from the previous jackpot, and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Daily Jackpot (time) Current starting value is: €2,337.39, Next minimum starting value is: €2,337.39 Mega Jackpot (progressive) Current starting value is: €58,434.91, Next minimum starting value is: €58,434.91 Must Go 1000 Jackpot (ceiling) Current starting value is: €116.86, Next minimum starting value is: €116.86 Must Go Rapid Jackpot (progressive) Current starting value is: €58.43, Next minimum starting value is: €58.43 The RTP is 92.22% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The absolute max multiplier of the game is 2000. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020