Samba Nights Game Objective: Samba Nights is a five-reel, fifty-paylines slot game with free games. The Wild Girl symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the Scattered Beach. 3 Scattered Beach symbols anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4 triggers the Free Game feature during which all prizes are doubled. The Free Game feature can be retriggered top Game Information: You can bet on up to fifty lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking up/down arrows or 8/2 of numpad on keyboard. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.05 per line is set for all 50 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2.50. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of  BET  indicator. If your game balance is less than EUR 2.50, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Player can also increase/decrease bets by clicking left/right arrows or 4/6 of numpad on keyboard. Max Bet: To play with 50 lines and EUR 100.00 bet per line, click on 'BET MAX'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. Player can select the max bet by clicking ENTER on keyboard. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom right of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the bottom left of the game screen. Player can also use 'P' on keyboard to access PAYTABLE screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Beach symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the  CLOSE  button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. Player can also spin the reels by pressing Space Bar on keyboard. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any win during normal spin or Free Game feature are shown in 'PAID' meter located at the bottom of the game screen. FREE GAME feature: The Free Game feature is triggered when 3 Scattered Beach symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 respectively. The player is awarded 20 free games during which all prizes are doubled. Free Game feature can be re-triggered for an unlimited number of times. The game screen will change, and the free games begin. Once all free games are completed, the game screen is restored to normal. Continue Button: A Continue button will be presented during the Free Game feature. This button allows the player to bypass the display of winning paylines and associated symbol animations and continue to the next free game. The keyboard shortcut for the Continue button is spacebar. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' and/or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDIT' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the  CREDIT  meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose 'hands free' game play for a selected number of spins. To increase or decrease the autoplay count, use ◄ and ► buttons displayed at the bottom left of the game screen. Maximum number of Auto Play games can be selected is 999. Click on  PLAY  to activate the selected option and start the spins. Click on 'STOP' to deactivate AUTOPLAY. While 'AUTOPLAY' is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTOPLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise 'AUTOPLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. During AUTOPLAY, if Free Game feature is awarded then Autoplay does not continue after the feature game is completed. The value in the AUTOPLAY meter does not reset to  0  but the player can continue the AUTOPLAY by clicking the PLAY button again. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Play Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game rules: Play 1 to 50 lines LINES can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES BET MAX selects 50 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline Scattered Beach symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on selected pay lines, except for Scattered Beach which pays anywhere. Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered Beach which pays anywhere. Scattered Beach appears on Reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wild Girl symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scattered Beach The prize is doubled when one or more Wild Girl substitutes in a winning combination. The amount shown at the end of the free games is a cumulative of Payline and Scatter wins of the triggering game, plus all free game wins. The speed of the reel spin in the game can be adjusted to NORMAL/FAST/VERY FAST by selecting the 'Speed Mode  button. Speed Mode button is available on the left of the Credit meter in the game window. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. top Free Game Feature gameplay: The feature is triggered when 3 Scattered Beach symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. 20 free games are awarded All prizes during the free games are doubled The Free Game feature can be re-triggered and if re-triggered then the same number of free games that is 20 are awarded. Free Game feature can be re-triggered for an unlimited number of times. Free games will be retriggered when three Scattered Beach symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 during free games. Free games are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game Free game wins are added to payline and scatter wins top Paytable: Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.47% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Game feature round, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Free Game feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Letzte Aktualisierung: 27.01.2015