Sands of Fortune Game objective: Sands of Fortune is a five-reel, nine-paylines slot game with a bonus feature game that gives you the chance to win extra prizes. Random number of picks of up to 5 is awarded. You get to select any 1 door in each pick to reveal a prize. 3 or more BONUS symbols appear anywhere in view triggers the bonus feature. top Game Information: You can bet on up to nine lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Nine lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the ‘LINES’ button available at the bottom of the game screen. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'STAKE': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 9 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2.25. You can increase or decrease the stake by clicking ‘STAKE PER LINE’ button. If your game balance is less than EUR 2.25 the system will automatically adjust the stake to the next highest possible amount. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the ‘STAKE’ meter, which is located at the top right of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'Game Rules’ button on the bottom left of the screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located at the bottom left of the game screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking anywhere on the screen. The 'PAYTABLE' can also be viewed by clicking on the reels area on the game screen. Spin: Click on "PLAY" to spin the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the payable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message and also in the 'WINNINGS' meter. The individual line wins are shown on the right of the reels, at the end of each winning line. Bonus Feature: The Bonus Feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus symbols appear anywhere in view on the 5 reels. The game screen will change, and the bonus feature game screen will open up. On completion of the bonus round feature, click on 'CLICK TO CONTINUE' button to restore the main screen Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ‘STAKE PER LINE’ button or 'LINES' button as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'BALANCE'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'BALANCE' meter and the 'STAKE' meter. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP AUTO SPIN' button again. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'Exit Game' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game rules: All symbols pay left to right except for Scatter Bonus symbol. 3 or more Bonus symbols appear anywhere in view triggers the Bonus feature game. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline prizes are multiplied by the bet per payline amount. Wild symbol substitutes all symbols except the scattered 'Bonus' symbol. The Wild symbol works only in conjunction with other symbols except the scattered Bonus. Wild symbol doesn’t have any payout. Scattered Bonus symbol doesn’t have any payout. Payline wins only occur on lines which have been selected. Bonus wins are added to the pay line wins. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. top Bonus feature gameplay: The Feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus symbols appear anywhere in view. Random number of picks of up to 5 is awarded. In each pick 3 doors will be available. Click on any 1 door to reveal a prize. Prize values of up to 50 times total bet can be revealed. If 'Eye of RA' symbol appears it will award a multiplier. The 'Eye of RA' will award a multiplier 2 along with cash prize. If multiple ‘Eye of RA’ symbols appear, then the multiplier will be incremented by 2 for each occurrence. The maximum multiplier that can be triggered is 8 When a TRAP symbol is revealed the feature round will complete and player will be taken to main game. Total feature win is calculated as the Total bonus amount won in all picks multiplied by Total ‘Eye of RA’ multiplier revealed. Trap symbol will have no prize. Bonus prizes are added to payline wins. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.17% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will complete the game. Log back in and you will be able to find out the result from your game logs by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button. You can also find out the result from your bwin account balance. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. If you get disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete the feature when you log back in. You can resume playing the same game or play any other game of your choice after completing the feature round. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays top Last modification date: 1/31/2017