Shaaark Super Bet Game Objective Shaaark Super Bet is a five-reel, 25-payline slot game with a 'Shaaark Super Bet Free Games' feature, which awards free games. AFree Games Feature is awarded when 3 or more Scattered Fin symbols appear anywhere in view. The player is awarded 10 free games during which all prizes are doubled. Wild Shark substitutes for all symbols except Scattered Fin. This game also has Super Bet mode and Gamble feature. To play the Super Bet mode, the game must be played with 25 lines plus 5X your current bet per line. When playing in Super Bet mode, random symbols turn into Wild Shark during the base game to get more wins. Gamble is available in both normal and Super Bet modes and Gamble is available for base game win and total win from the free games (total win here includes scatter win from the triggering spin). top Game Information You can bet on up to twenty five lines. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Twenty five lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking + and - buttons available to the Left of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. We can also increase or decrease the lines using the Left and Right arrow keys present on the keyboard respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 25 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 6.25. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the + and - buttons available to the Right of 'BET' indicator. We can also increase or decrease the BET using the Up and Down arrow keys present on the keyboard respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 25 lines and EUR 15.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX' button present on the right of the 'LINE' indicator and on the left of 'BET' indicator. . If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom centre of the game screen. 'RULES' and 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' and 'RULES' can be viewed by clicking on the 'INFO' button located at bottom left of the game screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scatter symbols, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. Also you can navigate between different 'INFO' screens by clicking the 'NEXT' and 'BACK' buttons. Spin: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and/or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating, or in case of scatter wins, scatter symbols are animated. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the + and - buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDIT' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTO SPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1 to 25 lines. LINES and BET can be changed by using the + and - buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX next to the 'BET' meter selects maximum bet per line. MAX next to the 'LINES' meter selects maximum no of lines. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are added to payline wins All wins occur on selected lines except Scattered Fin which pays anywhere in view. In normal mode, scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. In Super Bet mode, scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet (total bet here does not include the additional bet of 5 * bet per line). All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered Fin which pays anywhere. Wild Shark substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Fin. Prize is doubled if one or more Shark substitute in a winning combination. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Features Super Bet: To enable the Super Bet mode, click on the SUPER BET button at the bottom of the game screen. When SUPER BET is enabled, all 25 paylines are automatically selected and an additional bet of 5 * bet per line is added on top of the current total bet. When playing in Super Bet mode, random symbols turn into Wild Shark during the base game. When random symbols turn into Wild Shark, the game pays only after the respective symbols turn into Wild Shark Reducing the number of lines while in Super Bet mode would automatically change the game into normal mode. GAMBLE FEATURE: Gamble is available in both normal and Super Bet modes. Gamble is available for base game win and total win from the free games (total win here includes scatter win from the triggering spin). Gamble is not available during AUTO SPIN, but available after completing the last auto spin if there is a win. By selecting the Gamble button, the Gamble Feature screen will open showing a card, face down, with the Red, Black, Spades, Clubs, Hearts and a Diamonds buttons surrounding. The potential win amount will be displayed doubled for Color win and Quadrupled for Suit win. Gamble only uses the following four cards: Ace of Spades, Ace of Hearts, Ace of Clubs, Ace of Diamonds. It is possible to get the same card more than once during Gamble. The player needs to make his or her selection by clicking on the Red or Black buttons if he/she wants to bet on the card Colour or clicking on the Hearts, Diamonds, Spades or Clubs buttons if they want to bet on the card Suit. Once the selection is made, the card in the centre will turn and reveal the result. A correct guess will win the amount specified in the 'COLOUR WIN' meter or 'SUIT WIN' meter respectively. Incorrect guess would forfeit all winnings and end the Gamble Feature. The player can win a maximum of five (5) Gamble bets in a row. Clicking on the TAKE WIN button on Gamble Feature screen would end the Gamble Feature and return to the game with GAMBLE button disabled. Shaaark Super Bet Free Spins Game: A Free Games Feature is awarded when 3 or more Scattered Fin symbols appear anywhere in view. 10 Free Games are awarded during which all prizes are DOUBLED. During the free games random symbols turn into the Wild Shark. When random symbols turn into Wild Shark, the game pays only after the respective symbols turn into Wild Shark. Free Games Feature can be re-triggered by getting 3 or more Scattered Fin symbols anywhere in view. Free Games Feature can be re-triggered for an unlimited number of times. Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the triggering game. Free game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. top Paytable Clicking on INFO button in the main game screen, will navigate to Paytable screen. Theoretical RTPs: Normal Mode 93.49% Super Bet Mode 95.37% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Shaaark Super Bet Free Spins Game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Shaaark Super Bet Free Spins Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017