Shake It Up Shake It Up is a five-reel, 30-payline slot game with the Shake It Up Free Spins game. The reels spin on a horizontal axis, in a different direction from each other (Either to the left or to the right). The top and bottom reels will spin to the right and the middle reel will spin to the left after which they will come to an abrupt stop and settle back into place. 3 or more scattered Shake It Up logo symbols appearing anywhere on the reels award the Shake It Up Free Spins game. Player will choose a character out of the four graffiti characters to win random number of free spins and free spin multipliers. The Shake It Up Free Spins game can be retriggered within free spins. Information Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar. Game is played with 30 lines. Both bet and lines can be changed. Technically it is a 5 reels and 3 rows (5 X 3) game but visually it is a 3 reels and 5. rows (3 X 5) game, as the game is animated horizontally. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scattered Shake It Up logo symbol. which pays anywhere in view. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Only the highest win on each selected line will be paid. Coinciding wins on different selected lines will be added to your total. How to play Setting 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on the desired line number at the beginning of the line. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom Left of the game screen. Max Bet: To play with max bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. RULES: To view the game rules click on RULES button which is located at the top of the TOTAL BET meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the  BACK TO MAIN  button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button below the RULES button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the  BACK TO MAIN  button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line wins are shown in the ticker area under the last reel. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BETS' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in  TOTAL CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the  TOTAL CREDITS  meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'TOATL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto spin options to play with this option. To make use of the  AUTOSPIN  feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the  BUY-IN  window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the  AUTOSPIN  feature and get back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The  GAME LOGS  and  REBUY  functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Rules Game Rules Play with 30 lines. LINES can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects the maximum bet for 30 lines. Payouts are displayed on the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each highlighted Payline. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. Feature wins are added to the game balance. All symbols pay from left to right except the scattered Shake It Up logo symbol. All wins occur on pay lines, except the scattered Shake It Up symbol which pays anywhere in view. The Spray Can Wild symbol works only in conjunction with other symbols except scattered Shake It Up logo symbol and can appear only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. New Multiplier is not awarded in retrigger round. Rules Click on  RULES  button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. Paylines The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.09% Features The Shake It Up Free Spins game: When 3 or more scattered Shake It Up logo symbols land anywhere in view on the reels during base game, they will award The Shake It Up Free Spins game. Player will choose a character out of the four graffiti characters to win random number of free spins and free spin multipliers. When the player clicks on a certain character, the character will come to life, leap from the wall, turn around and will spray a prize consisting of a random number of free spins and a random number of free spin multiplier. Once the player is awarded with number of free spins and free spin multiplier, the free spins round will launch. During the free spins, if 3 or more scattered Shake It Up logo symbols appear anywhere in view The Shake It Up Free Spins game is retriggered. Player is awarded more number of free spins when the feature is re-triggered. The Minimum and Maximum number of free spins awarded in the base game are 2 and 20. The minimum and maximum number of free spins awarded during re-trigger is 2 and 20 respectively The free spins are retriggered when we get 3 or more scatter symbols during the initial free spin Trigger range for multiplier is 2 to 5. All free spins are played with the same bet and same number of lines as the triggering spin. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. When The Shake It Up Free Spins game is triggered, payline win amount will be immediately credited to game balance before starting the feature round. Amounts won during the free spins will also be added when they are won. Paytable Click on 'PAYTABLE' button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. Last modification date: 1/31/2017