Shipwreck Game Objective The 20 Payline Shipwreck Slot is a five-reel, twenty-payline slot game with a 'feature' game that gives you the chance to win extra prizes. The game also features a wild symbol, the Ship symbol. The Ship symbol appears on reels two, three and four only and substitutes for all symbols other than the scattered Diving Helmet symbol. top Game Information You can bet on up to twenty lines. The paylines are shown in the payline table located on the game rules screen. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking on the Left arrow button on the left of 'LINES' indicator. The number of lines can be increased again by clicking on the Right arrow button on the right of 'LINES' indicator. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines remain dark. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.10 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the left-arrow button or right-arrow button available in the BET PER LINE area. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 20 lines and EUR 10 bet per line click on 'MAX BET'. If Credit amount is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line value', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'HELP' button on the bottom left of the screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the game rules screen. The prizes displayed in the 'Paytable' are for a unit bet, and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the 'PAYTABLE' screen. Spin: After the reels stop, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines flashing and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating, with the total win amount being shown at the Bottom of 5 reels as message and the individual line wins shown on the right of the reels, by the winning line number. Feature Game: A feature is triggered when three or more scattered DIVING HELMET symbols occur in sequence from left to right, or right to left. The game screen will change, and the feature game screen will open up. On completion of the feature game, the main game screen is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play the same bet again. To change your bet, use the left and right arrows on the 'BET' or 'LINES' buttons. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDIT'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDIT' and 'TOTAL BET'. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDIT' and 'BET'. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. While 'AUTO SPIN' is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button, if spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin other wise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately and normal game window is restored. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the game. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits in to the game from Borgata Online account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the game room. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules All symbols pay left to right only, except the scattered Diving Helmet symbols, which pay left to right and right to left. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline prizes are multiplied by the bet per payline amount. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected, except the scatter symbols, which will pay in any position. The Ship symbol appears on reels two, three and four only, and substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Diving Helmet symbol. The prize is doubled for each Ship symbol substituting in a winning combination. top Features Feature Game Play: Any 3 or more scattered Diving Helmet symbols occurring left to right, including reel 1, or right to left, including reel 5, on consecutive reels triggers the Shipwreck feature. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game, before the start of the feature game, and at the end of each stage in the feature. The Diving Helmet has to descend to the bottom of the ocean. The deeper he gets the bigger your prize. Before you dive you'll need to set the amount of air in the Diving Helmet's tank. The air meter is swinging from full to empty. Pressing the red Dive button will slow the needle to a stop and then the Diver will descend. As the Diver gets deeper he goes past markers that show the win multiplier. The player wins their total bet times each of the win multiplier depths the Diver managed to reach. Click on 'RETURN TO GAME' to return to the main game. The feature win amount is added to any payline and scatter prizes already won. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.433% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. You can also find out the result from your Borgata Online account balance. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the feature round, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resumes from where it was disconnected. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays top Last modification date: 7/6/2022