Sinatra The Sinatra Slot is a five-reel, twenty-paylines slot game with a Sinatra Big Band feature. The game also features a wild Sinatra symbol. The Sinatra Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols other than the Treble Clef symbols. Accumulate all 5 Treble Clef symbols on the centre payline to play the feature Information How to play Rules Features Paytable Information You can bet on up to twenty lines. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by dragging the button towards left or Right available under the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of €0.25 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of €5.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by dragging the button towards Left or Right available under the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 20 lines and €50.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'Rules' button on the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button on the 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located in the game screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button. Spin: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown on the right of the reels, at the end of each winning line. Feature Game: The treble clef only activates its notes when it lands in the middle position on a reel. Notes then move to the stave at the top and are held over until the feature is activated. The feature is activated when all 5 reels have activated notes. If you exit the game you lose any accumulated notes When a treble clef lands on the centre position of the reel there should be a short animation played with a relevant sound. The game screen will change, and the 'bonus round' feature game screen will open up. On completion of the 'bonus round' feature, the main game screen is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, drag the button towards Left or Right available under the Bet/ Line indicator on the game screen respectively. Total Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'TOTAL CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at bottom centre of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Account variale. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1 to 20 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline All symbols pay left to right only. Treble Clef symbol doesn't have any payoff The treble clef only activates its notes when it lands in the middle position on a reel. Notes then move to the stave at the top and are held over until the feature is activated. The feature is activated when all 5 reels have activated notes. If you exit the game you lose any accumulated notes. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline prizes are multiplied by the bet per payline amount. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected. The Sinatra wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Treble Clef symbol. Wild works only in conjunction with other symbols. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays top Features Sinatra Feature Play: Choose 4 Big Band instruments to create your own Sinatra track. You accumulate wins for each instrument you choose. Payout in the Sinatra feature game is given based on a random multiplier times the average bet. Average bet is calculated either from the end of the last feature or the start of your Sinatra game session. Once feature is completed average bet will reset and start new. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.241% top Last modification date: 1/31/2017