Sin City Sin City is a five-reel, fifty-pay line slot game with Free Spins feature and Wanted feature. When 3 or more scattered Yellow Bastard Logos appear anywhere in view, one of the five features of the game is presented at random to award free-spins and multiplier. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. When 3 or more Wanted scattered symbols appear anywhere in view, Wanted feature gets triggered awarding a multiplier for the next 5 spins. 3 Wanted symbols in view give a multiplier of 2, 4 Wanted symbols in view give a multiplier of 3 and 5 Wanted symbols in view give a multiplier of 5. top How to play Click on Enter button in the intro screen to play. If you don't want to see the violence, nudity and depravity then choose EXIT option and the game will close. Setting 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking < and="" /> buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit and unselected lines are not lit. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on the desired line number at the beginning of the lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 50 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the < and="" /> buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'BETS' indicator on the game screen respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Number of selected lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: To view the game rules player must click on RULES button which is located above the TOTAL BET meter. You can navigate to each page of Rules or Paytable using the buttons available on the Rules screen. Back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button. PAYTABLE: The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located left to the TOTAL BET meter. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Yellow Bastard symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button. FREE SPIN PAYTABLE: The free spin pay table can be viewed by clicking on the 'FREE SPIN PAYTABLE' button located in the RULES/PAY TABLE screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button. BONUS RULES: The rules for the bonus games can be viewed by clicking on the 'BONUS RULES' button located in the RULES/PAY TABLE screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'MAIN GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the < and="" /> buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'TOTAL CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play up to 50 lines. The number of LINES can be changed. BET amount can be changed by using the < and="" /> buttons. Number of LINES can be changed by using the < and="" /> buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects the maximum bet for 50 lines. Payouts are displayed on the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on selected pay lines, except for scattered Yellow Bastard symbol which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right only except for scattered Yellow Bastard Logo which pays anywhere in view. Sin City Logo substitutes for all other symbols except the Scattered Yellow Bastard and Wanted symbols. Sin City Logo appears on any Reels 1,2,3 and 4. Sin City Logo works only in conjunction with other symbols except the Scattered Yellow Bastard and Wanted symbols. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Features Free Spins Feature The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Yellow Bastard symbols appear anywhere in view. All free spins are played with the same lines/bet as the triggering spin Free Spins & multiplier can be awarded in random in five different ways. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Maximum number of free spins that can be awarded is 100. Maximum multiplier that can be awarded in free spins is 8. During Free Spins the symbols and paytable is different. When "The Hard Goodbye" free spin feature is triggered, Player pulls the switch to electrocute Marv. As the player is electrocuting Marv, spins and multipliers get shown and added to a running total. When the electrocution stops, Marv might die or stay alive. If Marv is alive, then the player must pull the switch again and repeat the process until Marv dies. The game is then played on the free spin reels. When "Deadly Little Miho" free spin feature is triggered, Player is given 4 weapons to choose from. One of them needs to be selected which awards free spins and multiplier. The game is then played on the free spin reels. When "He Never Screams" free spin feature is triggered, Player is presented with 2 ways to kill Kevin. One of them needs to be selected which awards free spins and multiplier. The game is then played on the free spin reels. When "Just Getting Warmed-up" free spin feature is triggered, Player is presented with 2 choices. Marv can either grind head or flush them down a toilet. As either happens, free spins and multipliers are awarded. The game is then played on the free spin reels. When "Straight To Hell" free spin feature is triggered, Player clicks on Hartigan to swing him which adds spins and multipliers for each click. Hartigan will pass out. This looks like the end. He then wakes up, and breaks through a window which lets him escape. Then the total number of free spins and multiplier revealed that player has won. The game is then played on the free spin reels. Wanted Feature The Wanted scatter symbol triggers the Wanted feature If 3 Wanted symbols appear anywhere in view, the next 5 spins spun are awarded at a 2 multiplier on any win. If 4 Wanted symbols appear anywhere in view, the next 5 spins spun are awarded at a 3 multiplier on any win. If 5 Wanted symbols appear anywhere in view, the next 5 spins spun are awarded at a 5 multiplier on any win. Wanted device turns active and shows the Spins status and ticker shows spins & multiplier status. WANTED feature cannot be re-triggered while the Wanted multiplier is active. Free spins feature cannot be triggered in WANTED feature. Wanted feature cannot be triggered in the Free spin feature Changing the bet when the Wanted feature is active will forfeit the multiplier. The player is informed about this and the player can choose to keep the multiplier or to change the bet. top Paytable Click on 'PAYTABLE' button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. Free spin paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.08%. Pay lines: top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins feature/ Wanted feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017