Single-deck Blackjack The objective of Blackjack is to accumulate cards with total value as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21 ('going bust'). The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of each card in the hand. The value assigned to cards is as follows: The cards from 2 through 10 are valued as indicated. Face cards (Jacks, Queens, and Kings) are all valued at 10 points. An Ace counts as 1 or 11. It is worth 11 unless that would cause hand value to exceed 21 (bbust), in which case it has a value of 1. Soft total: A hand containing an Ace that can be counted as 11 without the total going above 21. For example, Ace-6 is soft 17. Hard total: A hand containing an Ace that can be counted as only 1 because counting it as 11 would make the hand go over 21. For example, Ace-6-10 is hard 17. A tie between the player and the house is known as a 'push', and means that no one wins or loses. If the first two cards dealt are an Ace and any 10-point card, it is known as Blackjack, and is an automatic win for the player at 1.5 to 1, unless the house ties. top Information The game and the game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The maximum bet applies for the initial bet of the game. One deck of 52 cards is used in the single deck version of Blackjack. The deck is shuffled after every hand. The dealer draws a card on soft 17. Only one split is allowed. The player may only double on nine, 10 or 11. There is no surrender option available in the single deck version of the game. The number of cards that can be dealt to the player is limited only by choice (by clicking on 'STAND'), or by the hand total being greater than or equal to 21. If the dealer has a 10, Jack, Queen, or King as the up card it is possible he has a Blackjack, in which case your hand will lose, unless you also have a Blackjack. The dealer will check for Blackjack immediately if one is possible, and will collect the losing bet immediately if he holds a Blackjack. top How to play Your chips are stacked on the right-hand edge of the table. Select the amount you want to wager on a given hand by clicking on the chip of that denomination. You can decrease the amount wagered by clicking on the 'BET' stack. Once the wager is placed, click on the 'DEAL' button. The 'DEAL' button will be enabled only if a bet is equal to or more than the minimum bet. The dealer deals you two cards face-up, and then deals himself two cards, one face-up and the other face-down. Depending on the strength of your cards, you can choose from the following options offered to you: 'HIT', 'STAND', 'DOUBLE', or 'SPLIT', as per the game rules. If the dealer has a 10, Jack, Queen, King or Ace as his first card, he will check to see if he has a Blackjack before you draw your third card. The 'INSURANCE' option is offered to you in case the dealer has an Ace as his first card. Once either the player or the dealer stands or busts, the results are displayed below both the dealer's and the player's cards, and in the scrolling window. To continue the game with the same bet, click on the 'REBET' button. To place a new bet, click on the desired chip denomination (click 'CLEAR' first if you want to place a different bet). Your game balance is displayed at the bottom left-hand side of the game screen. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits in to the game from your account. Click on 'RULES' to view the game rules. Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. To exit from the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. Options to choose from: Stand: Clicking on the 'STAND' button will keep your hand at its current value. You may stand at any time, if you are satisfied with your hand. Click the 'STAND' button, and when the dealer has completed his hand, they will be compared. Hit: If you wish to take another card, you may continue to do so until you either stand or go bust. Click on 'HIT' to be dealt the next card. Double: If the first two cards dealt to you total nine, 10 or 11 (with the exception of Blackjack), an option to 'double' will be displayed to you. Once this option is selected, the bet amount is automatically doubled, and you will be dealt one more card. The hand will auto-stand after the next card is dealt. Doubling is also available, subject to having nine, 10 or 11, as an option after splitting. If the hand qualifies for doubling, but your game balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, the double option will not be offered. If you lose the bet, you lose the entire bet amount, the initial bet, and the additional amount placed for the double option. Split: If you have two cards of the same value (for example two 7s, two 10s, a King and a Jack, etc.), you can click 'SPLIT' to split the cards into two separate hands. This option is also available if you are dealt two Aces as your first two cards. Once this option is selected, an additional bet (equal to your original bet) is automatically placed. You are only allowed to split once, even if more splitting opportunities arise. If the hand qualifies for a split, but your account balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, then the split option will not be offered. You may draw as many cards as you wish on each split hand, with the exception of splitting on Aces. If you split Aces, only one card will be dealt to each split hand. If a 10-point card is dealt to either Ace, the hand is counted as 21, not Blackjack. How to play the split option: Once the split option is chosen, the cards are split into two separate hands, and one more card is dealt to each of the hands. The hand with an arrow pointing towards it is active (i.e. the one you are currently playing on). Click on 'HIT'/'STAND', or any of the other options offered, depending upon your hand. Once the first hand is decided, the arrow will move to the second hand. Click on 'HIT'/'STAND', or any of the other options offered, depending upon your hand. Insurance: Insurance gives you a chance to protect yourself from the dealer's Blackjack. If the dealer's first card (the open card) is an Ace, you can choose to insure your hand against the dealer's Blackjack by clicking on 'INSURANCE'. Insurance costs 50% of the bet amount, and is in addition to the initial bet placed by you. Once you opt for insurance, the additional bet is automatically placed. If the dealer has a Blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1, and you will lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not get a Blackjack, you lose the insured bet and the game continues for the initial bet amount. Insurance is not offered to you if you get a Blackjack. If your hand qualifies for insurance, but your game balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, the insurance option will not be offered. top Paytable Paytable Win Type Description Payoff Blackjack A Blackjack, or 'natural', comprises a total of 21 in your first two cards. A Blackjack is therefore an Ace and any 10-point card, with the additional requirement that these be your first two cards. If you split a pair of Aces, for example, and then draw a ten-point card on one of the Aces, this will not count as Blackjack, but rather a total of 21. Your Blackjack beats any dealer total (including a dealer's regular 21) except a dealer's Blackjack. If both you and the dealer have a Blackjack, the hand is a tie or 'push', and nobody wins or loses. 1.5 to 1 (Normal win) Your total is greater than dealer's, but less than or equal to 21. 1 to 1 Push The totals of both your hand and that of the dealer are the same. Your wager is returned. Insurance Offered on the dealer's Ace to insure your hand against the dealer receiving a Blackjack. It costs 50% of the bet amount, in addition to the initial bet placed by you. If the dealer gets a Blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1. You lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not get a Blackjack, you lose the insured bet, and the game continues for the initial bet amount. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018