Royal Rings HOW TO PLAY PLAY MODE AND BALANCE You can play the game in either FUN or REAL mode. In fun mode, you are playing just for the fun of the score. In real mode, you are playing with money from your real money balance. Your balance is shown in the BALANCE box both in fun and real mode. PLACING BETS This game is played with a fixed number of active paylines. The BET is the COIN value multiplied by the number of active paylines. To set the bet amount, use the '-' and '+' buttons. CONTINUOUS SPIN Clicking and holding the SPIN button for continuous spinning. To stop the continuous spin session, release the SPIN button. When CONTINUOUS SPIN is on, some win animations and sound are skipped, the reels spin faster and the game results are displayed faster. AUTOPLAY MODE To select the number of autospins, use the AUTOPLAY options panel. Clicking the OK button initiates the autoplay session. Clicking the CANCEL button closes the panel. You can end the autospins session earlier by clicking the AUTOPLAY button. The number of remaining spins is displayed on the AUTOPLAY button. TURBO MODE When TURBO Mode is on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the TURBO button switches Turbo Mode on or off. PAYTABLE PAYOUTS Winning combinations start from the leftmost reel and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. Regular wins are multiplied by the COIN value. Only the highest win pays on each payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information see the TERMS AND CONDITIONS section. FREE GAMES During FREE GAMES the reels are spun automatically using the same COIN value as per the spin that won the FREE GAMES. ROYAL RINGS PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT The Royal Rings Progressive Jackpot is a multi-level jackpot that is accumulated from all players’ bets in the Royal Rings game among all online Casinos that offer this game. There are 3 different jackpots that can be won: Grand, Major and Mini. Each jackpot represents a different prize amount, with the Grand Jackpot awarding the highest prize and Mini Jackpot the lowest. Any level of the Royal Rings Progressive Jackpot can be won through the jackpot game that can be randomly triggered on any main game spin, including spins with no wins. A bet of any amount can trigger the jackpot game. However, the higher the bet, the bigger chance of entering the jackpot game. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 3 jackpots. Seed: (how much money the Jackpot starts out with) Grand: £8,245 Major: £412 Mini: £82 Contribution rate: (what percentage of each bet goes to the Progressive pot) Grand: 0,36% Major: 0,35% Mini: 0,29% Win conditions: Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. The Jackpot game screen shows 16 chests. Clicking on a chest reveals 1 of 3 rings. Revealing 3 matching rings awards the corresponding jackpot. After a progressive jackpot is won, it is reset and begins to accumulate again. If a Player triggers a Jackpot immediately after another Player has triggered the same Jackpot, the Player who triggered it first will win the Jackpot, and the other Player will see the amount plus any contributions made since the Jackpot was reset. Imperfections in the internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If the Jackpot is being discontinued (the game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified about it by the Casino. DISCONNECTION POLICY NOTE ON DISCONNECTION If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in to the Casino again. Once you have reopened the game, you will be able to continue playing from the point where the game was disconnected. NOTE ON MALFUNCTIONS Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP (return to player): 95.00% + 1.00% JP Build: 450 Version date: 2019-10-09 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.