Super Lion HOW TO PLAY PLAY MODE AND BALANCE You can play the game in either FUN or REAL mode. In fun mode, you are playing just for the fun of the score. In real mode, you are playing with money from your real money balance. Your balance is shown in the BALANCE box both in fun and real mode. PLACING BETS This game is played with a fixed number of active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your coin bet multiplied by the number of active paylines. To set the bet amount, use the '-' and '+' buttons. AUTOPLAY MODE To select the number of autospins, click the AUTO button. You can end the autospins session earlier by clicking the STOP button. The STOP button usually reveals the number of remaining spins. TURBO MODE When TURBO Mode is on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the TURBO button switches Turbo Mode on or off. PAYTABLE PAYOUTS Winning combinations pay left to right and right to left, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. Regular wins are multiplied by the COIN BET. Only the highest win pays on each payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information see the TERMS AND CONDITIONS section. RESPINS During RESPINS the reels are spun automatically using the same COIN BET as per the spin that won the RESPINS. JACKPOT The Jackpot is triggered when any 5 Emphasized Diamond symbols land on an active payline. Emphasized Diamond symbols can appear on any spin. A player can boost his chances of landing more Emphasized Diamond symbols on reels by increasing the bet. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with) EUR 2,500 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes to the Progressive pot and to the seed) Seed: 0.1% Progressive: 0.3% Total: 0.4% Win conditions Any 5 Emphasized Diamond symbols land on an active payline After a progressive jackpot is won, it is reset and begins to accumulate again. If a Player triggers a Jackpot immediately after another Player has triggered the same Jackpot, the Player who triggered it first will win the Jackpot, and the other Player will see the amount plus any contributions made since the Jackpot was reset. Imperfections in the internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If the Jackpot is being discontinued (the game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified about it by the Casino. COMBINATIONS WITH WILD SUBSTITUTING CANNOT TRIGGER THE JACKPOT. DISCONNECTION POLICY NOTE ON DISCONNECTION If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in to the Casino again. Once you have reopened the game, you will be able to continue playing from the point where the game was disconnected. NOTE ON MALFUNCTIONS Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. RTP (return to player): ~96.1% +0.4%JP = 96.5% Last modification date: 10/14/2020