Egypt Cash How to Play Play mode and balance You can play the game in either FUN or REAL mode. In fun mode, you are playing just for the fun of the score. In real mode, you are playing with money from your real money balance. Your balance is shown in the BALANCE box both in fun and real mode. Placing Bets This game is played with a fixed number of active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your coin bet multiplied by the number of active paylines. To set the bet amount, use the '-' and '+' buttons. Autoplay Mode To select the number of autospins, click the AUTO button. Select UNTIL FEATURE to spin until a feature is triggered. You can end the autospins session earlier by clicking the STOP button. The STOP button usually reveals the number of remaining spins, except when the UNTIL FEATURE option has been selected. Turbo Mode When TURBO Mode is on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the TURBO button switches Turbo Mode on or off. PAYTABLE Payouts Winning combinations start from the leftmost reel and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. Regular wins are multiplied by the COIN BET. SCATTER wins are multiplied by the TOTAL BET. Only the highest win pays on each payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information see the TERMS AND CONDITIONS section. FREE GAMES During FREE GAMES the reels are spun automatically using the same COIN BET as per the spin that won the FREE GAMES. Disconnection Policy Note on disconnection If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in to the Casino again. Once you have reopened the game, you will be able to continue playing from the point where the game was disconnected. Note on malfunctions Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP The Return to Player for this game is 96.07%. Version date: 2019-11-08 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020