Slingo Cash Eruption Payladder 12 Slingos awards the Cash Eruption Bonus with a 5x5 array. 10 Slingos awards the Cash Eruption Bonus with a 5x4 array. 9 Slingos awards the Cash Eruption Bonus with a 5x3 array. 8 Slingos awards the Cash Eruption Bonus with a 4x3 array. 7 Slingos awards 3 Picks on the Hot Pick Bonus. 6 Slingos awards 2 Picks on the Hot Pick Bonus. 5 Slingos awards 1 Pick on the Hot Pick Bonus. 4 Slingos awards X1 initial game stake. Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 5 spins to match numbers on the reels with numbers on the grid. Every spin displays 3 symbols per reel. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. BONUS SPIN Bonus Spin awards an additional spin. SCATTER Multipliers are displayed on Scatter symbols. 6 or more Scatter symbols award Cash Eruption on a 3x5 array. The minimum displayed multiplier on a Scatter symbol is 1X the base game stake. The maximum displayed multiplier on a Scatter symbol is 25X the base game stake. Values displayed on Scatter symbols are only awarded in Cash Eruption. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Bonus Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. Bonus Games Hot Picks Hot Picks is awarded from 5-7 Slingos. 5 Slingos awards 1 pick on a 2x3 array. 6 Slingos awards 2 picks on a 3x3 array. 7 Slingos awards 3 picks on a 4x3 array. At 5 Slingos, pick a fireball to reveal a multiplier value or trigger Cash Eruption. At 6 Slingos, pick a fireball to reveal a multiplier value or a Jackpot. At 7 Slingos, pick a fireball to reveal a multiplier value, a Jackpot or trigger Cash Eruption. When awarded, Cash Eruption plays on a 4x3 array. At 5 Slingos, the minimum cash multiplier is 0.5X the initial game stake. At 5 Slingos, the maximum cash multiplier is 10X the initial game stake. At 6 Slingos, the minimum cash multiplier is 1.5X the initial game stake. At 6 Slingos, the maximum cash multiplier is 10X the initial game stake. At 7 Slingos, the minimum cash multiplier is 2X the initial game stake. At 7 Slingos, the maximum cash multiplier is 15X the initial game stake. Cash Eruption Cash Eruption is awarded by collecting 6+ Scatters in the base game reel spins or completing 8+ Slingos. When awarded from the base game reel spins, Cash Eruption plays out on a 5x3 array. The Scatter symbols that initiate Cash Eruption are locked in position on the array. When awarded from the Payladder the size of the array in Cash Eruption increase with the number of Slingos completed. 8 Slingos awards Cash Eruption on a 4x3 array. 9 Slingos awards Cash Eruption on a 5x3 array. 10 Slingos awards Cash Eruption on a 5x4 array. Full House awards Cash Eruption on a 5x5 array. Cash Eruption starts with 3 lives. Each reel position spins to reveal either a blank, a multiplier or a Jackpot Each spin reduces the number of lives by 1. If a multiplier or Jackpot land in a position on a reel, the number of lives is reset to 3. Cash Eruption ends when all reel positions are filled or no more lives remain. Mini, Minor and Major Jackpots are available on every Spin. Grand Jackpot is awarded if all reel positions are filled. More than one Jackpot can be achieved. At 8 Slingos, the minimum cash multiplier is 1x the initial game stake. At 8 Slingos, the maximum cash multiplier is 5x the initial game stake. At 9 Slingos, the minimum cash multiplier is 2X the initial game stake. At 9 Slingos, the maximum cash multiplier is 15X the initial game stake. At 10 Slingos, the minimum cash multiplier is 3X the initial game stake. At 10 Slingos, the maximum cash multiplier is 20X the initial game stake. At Full House, the minimum cash multiplier is 5X the initial game stake. At Full House, the maximum cash multiplier is 25X the initial game stake. Jackpots Mini Jackpot awards 5X the initial game stake. Minor Jackpot awards 25X the initial game stake. Major Jackpot awards 100X the initial game stake. The Grand Jackpot rises with each Slingo level from 6 Slingos. At 6 Slingos, the Grand Jackpot awards 1000X the initial game stake. At 7 Slingos, the Grand Jackpot awards 2000X the initial game stake. At 8 Slingos, the Grand Jackpot awards 3000X the initial game stake. At 9 Slingos, the Grand Jackpot awards 4000X the initial game stake. At 10 Slingos, the Grand Jackpot awards 5000X the initial game stake. At Full House, the Grand Jackpot awards 10000X the initial game stake. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Bonus Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.79%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 95.73%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 10/28/2025