3 Lucky Witches 3 LUCKY WITCHES GAME RULES Welcome to 3 Lucky Witches! Pick your luckiest Witch to accompany you on the Witches' Wheel, where you can win cash prizes, guaranteed win spins, and picks for the Mega Picks feature! Can you embrace the magic to win 5000x? QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical return to player is 94.00% Volatility High INTRODUCTION 3 Lucky Witches is a 5-reel, 243 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer. Ways slots remove paylines to make it easier to see the wins. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. 3 Lucky Witches features the Witches' Wheel – win cash prizes, guaranteed win spins, or picks in the Mega Picks bonus! Choose your luckiest Witch to be your Wild symbol! HOW TO PLAY? The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. Wilds have no payout and can appear on any reel. You can change which Witch appears on the Wild symbol using the arrow buttons on the splash screen or paytable, or by pressing the Wild symbol on the reels screen. This will affect all Wild symbols on the reels. This feature is cosmetic only: changing the Witch that appears on the Wild symbols will not affect the game RTP or features in any way. BONUS SCATTER Landing 3 or more Bonus Scatters in view on the reels triggers the Witches' Wheel bonus. WITCHES' WHEEL BONUS Landing 3 or more Bonus Scatters in view on the reels triggers the Witches' Wheel bonus. 3 Bonus Scatters start you on level 1 of the Witches' Wheel. 4 Bonus Scatters start you on level 3 of the Witches' Wheel. 5 Bonus Scatters start you on level 5 of the Witches' Wheel. On each level of the Witches' Wheel, the wheel will spin. You will either win a prize or a level up. If you win a level up, you will be taken to the next level of the Witches' Wheel, which will spin the next wheel. If you win a prize, the Witches' Wheel bonus will end and your prize will be awarded. You can win one of the following prizes: Cash prize: this is paid immediately on completion of the Witches' Wheel bonus. The cash prizes that can be won are displayed on each level of the Witches' Wheel. These are multiplied by the triggering bet Win Spins: win a number of guaranteed win spins with a prize multiplier, or take a cash prize. Mega Picks: win a number of picks on the Mega Pick bonus, or take a cash prize. ?: win the choice of cash prize, Win Spins, or Mega Picks. If you win Win Spins or Mega Picks or ?, you will be given the choice of whether to play your bonus or to receive a cash prize. The cash prize will equate to the average win value of the bonus that you can choose to play, and is also shown on the Witches' Wheel. In the case of winning ?, you will be given the choice of a number of Win Spins or Mega Picks. Witches’ wheel cash prizes will be between 5x - 5000x your bet. WIN SPINS Depending on the Wheel position that triggers this feature, you can win between 3 and 20 Win Spins. Win Spins are played with a win multiplier of 3x, which means that all wins will be multiplied by this value. When won from a ? prize on the wheel in the normal game, Win Spins may be played with a multiplier of 3x, 6x, or 10x. During Win Spins, every spin will give a winning symbol combination. When you have run out of Win Spins, the feature will end and your winnings will be awarded. Instead of playing this bonus, you can choose to take a cash prize, which will generally equate to the average win value of the bonus. Playing the bonus can award a total prize that is lower than or greater than the cash prize. Win spins can not be retriggered. Win spins are played with the same bet of the triggering spin. MEGA PICKS Depending on the Wheel position that triggers this feature, you can win between 1 and 5 picks in the Mega Picks bonus. You will be presented with a number of pickable objects. Tapping any of the objects picks it and reveals a cash prize, which is then added to your total win. When you have run out of picks, the feature will end and your winnings will be awarded. Instead of playing this bonus, you can choose to take a cash prize, which will generally equate to the average win value of the bonus. Playing the bonus can award a total prize that is lower than or greater than the cash prize. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 243 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of a symbol, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2 x 3 x 2 = 12. Only the highest win is paid per symbol GAME PANEL Menu - The menu icon expands or collapses the game menu. Balance - Displays the player's account balance. Win - Displays the current win Spin Button - Places the bet, spins the reels and starts the game.(Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin) GAME MENU Sounds - Mutes and unmutes the game. Paytable - Displays the paytable, which contains an explanation of the key features in the game and displays the payout for each symbol dynamically. Press Space To Spin - Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin. Where this is possible, this option allows players to disable the feature. History - Displays the last spins with an option to rewatch. Game Rules - Displays the rules of the game. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) RETURN TO PLAYER The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. The overall theoretical return to player is 94.00%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 3 hour/s after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 10/16/2024