Slingo Genie Gemstones How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Each Slingo level collects a unique gemstone. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allows you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Free Spin Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted.Press collect to end the game. Genie Gemstones Bonus Game Gemstone Lock Bonus The Gemstone Lock bonus plays on a 5x3 reel grid. The Bonus reels contain all 9 gemstones. Each Slingo Level has a unique gemstone. This becomes the selected gemstone in the Bonus. Only the selected gemstone will pay in the Bonus. The selected gemstone is locked in all 3 positions on the leftmost reel. Press Spin to start the Gemstone Lock Bonus. After each spin any instance of the unique gemstone on the Bonus reels locks into position. The Bonus game continues until a spin occurs without revealing the selected gemstone, or all positions on the Bonus reels are filled with the gemstone. Once the Bonus is complete, the winning lines are tallied and any wins awarded. Paytable Gemstone Lock Bonus pays according to the Paytable. To win, match 3, 4 or 5 symbols across adjacent reels on a valid winline from the leftmost reel to the right. Winlines The Gemstone Lock Bonus is played with 10 winlines. All winlines are available at all stake levels. Wins on different lines are added. Only the highest win on each winline is awarded.All line wins are multiplied by the selected game stake. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Free Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.45%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 95.45%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 48 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 2/26/2025