4 Fantastic Fish Amazon Adventure 4 FANTASTIC FISH AMAZON ADVENTURE GAME RULES Welcome to 4 Fantastic Fish Amazon Adventure! QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical return to player is 94% Volatility High INTRODUCTION 4 Fantastic Fish Amazon Adventure is a 6-reel, 4,096 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Ways slots remove paylines to make it easier to see the wins. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. Land Piranha symbols as a Way Win to be awarded their cash prizes! Reel in the Amazon Respin Bonus and net as many Piranha symbols as you can – watch out for the Gator who will collect and multiply your wins! Will you get a helping hand from the Giant Anaconda as it swaps Piranhas to create more wins, or from the Piranha feeding frenzies symbols that create or improve wins? Find lost loot in the Lost City Pick-A-Win bonus, and watch out for 1 of 4 Big Game prizes in the base game or the bonuses! HOW TO PLAY The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are highlighted when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. In Big Reel Portrait Mode, wins pay from top to bottom. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different ways are added. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol except scatters. Wilds have no payout and can appear on any reel. Wilds cannot appear on reels 1 and 2 simultaneously. RESPIN SCATTER 3 or more Respin scatters in view will award the Amazon Respin Bonus. These scatters can land on any reel. PICK SCATTER 3 or more Pick scatters in view will award the Lost City Pick-A-Win Bonus. You will win the same number of picks as scatters that triggered the bonus. These scatters can land on any reel. BIG GAME PRIZES Big Game Prizes can land on reel 6. They will award one of 4 large prizes if they are involved in a Piranha symbol way win. MONEY WAYS Piranha symbols can land in view on any reel. Piranha symbols land with cash prizes attached to them, and can win as per any other normal way win, on adjacent reels from left to right starting with the first reel. When a win occurs, any Piranha symbols involved in the win will award the total prize shown on the symbol. AMAZON FREE SPINS 3 or more Respin scatters in view will award the Amazon Respin Bonus. Each reel that a scatter lands on will be open; all other reels will be closed. Any Piranha symbols that land on the triggering spin will be locked on the reels, regardless of whether they land on a reel that is open or closed. All symbol positions will spin and any new Piranha symbols that land on open reels will be locked in place and their cash prize awarded. Piranha symbols that land on closed reels will not be locked. If a Respin scatter lands on a closed reel, that reel will be opened for subsequent respins. Respin scatters cannot land on already open reels. The player will have 3 respins. If a new Piranha symbol is locked in place or a Respin scatter opens up a closed reel on a respin, the number of remaining respins will be reset to 3. When the player runs out of respins, the bonus is over. GATOR FEATURE If an open reel is completely filled with locked Piranha symbols, a Gator will swim up that reel and collect the cash prizes from all of the Piranha symbols. The total prize will be multiplied by 2x and held in the top position of the reel; the other reel positions will then be reopened for new Piranha symbols to land in. The graphics for the total will be a skeleton fish. This will act as a locked Cash Fish. ULTRA (10000X) Big Game Prizes cannot be eaten by the Gator. PIRANHA FRENZY On any spin, Piranha symbols might appear: MAIN GAME Can swim onto the reels to create or improve existing wins with Piranha symbols. RESPIN BONUS Moves sideways to lock on open reels. GIANT ANACONDA BONUS The Giant Anaconda can appear on any spin. MAIN GAME The Giant Anaconda might swap symbols to create or improve a Piranha symbol win. RESPIN BONUS The Giant Anaconda might move a Piranha symbol from a closed reel to an open reel to lock it in place. LOST CITY PICK-A-WIN BONUS 3 or more Pick scatters in view will award the Lost City Pick-A-Win Bonus. You will win the same number of picks as scatters that triggered the bonus. You will be presented with a number of pickable objects. Each object contains a cash prize. Tapping any of the objects picks it and reveals its prize, which is then added to your total win. When you have run out of picks, the feature will end. BUY FEATURE The player can play a Feature instantly, in the form of the following options: AMAZON RESPINS: Land Scatters that will trigger the Respin bonus. RTP: 94% LOST CITY PICK-A-WIN: This will spin and land with scatters for the pick-a-win bonus. RTP: 94% PIRANHA FRENZY: A single spin guaranteed to trigger a Piranha Frenzy win. RTP: 94% Buy Feature can only be activated in the base game. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 4096 WAYS To calculate the total Ways win, add all the symbol wins together. All way wins are summed together after the spin. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the leftmost reel. If the number of consecutive reels containing the symbol is 2 or greater counting from the left find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of a symbol, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2 x 3 x 2 = 12. AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open Autoplay, press the AUTOPLAY button (the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle). The player can choose the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number is reached or when the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When Autoplay is active, the AUTOPLAY button becomes a STOP button which displays the number of remaining spins. Press the STOP button to stop Autoplay spins. GAME PANEL Menu - The menu icon expands or collapses the game menu. BALANCE - Displays the player's account balance. BET - Displays the current bet. WIN - Displays the current win Spin Button - Places the bet, spins the reels and starts the game.(Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin) Autoplay - Displays the autoplay options. Buy Feature - Opens the buy bonus menu. GAME MENU Sounds - Mutes and unmutes the game. Paytable - Displays the paytable, which contains an explanation of the key features in the game and displays the payout for each symbol. Auto Spin - Displays the auto spin options. Press Space To Spin - Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin. Where this is possible, this option allows players to disable the feature. Game History - Displays the last spins with an option to rewatch. Game Rules - Displays the rules of the game. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) RETURN TO PLAYER The expected payback reflects the return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. The overall theoretical return to player is 94%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 48 hour/s after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 9/23/2025