Slingo Great Western How to Play Select your stake and press SPIN to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the pay ladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allows you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Free Spin Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. Extra Spins Extra Spins are available after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. You can control extra spin limits in play controls. Collect or buy extra spins. The price of the next spin is shown on the spin button. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Gold Wheel You can win a Gold Wheel by completing 8 Slingos The Gold Wheel offers cash or an entry to the Great Western Bonus at 1 x current stake. Min Multiplier x8 and Max Multiplier x50. Silver Wheel You can win a Silver Wheel by completing 7 Slingos The Silver Wheel offers cash or an entry to the Great Western Bonus at 0.5 x current stake. Min Multiplier x4 and Max Multiplier x25. Bronze Wheels You can win a Bronze Wheel by completing 4, 5 or 6 Slingos The Bronze Wheel offers cash or an entry to the Great Western Bonus at 0.25 x current stake. Min Multiplier x1 and Max Multiplier x15. Great Western Bonus Game The Money Train Bonus is played on a 5x4 with Slot with 20 separate reels spinning. If a column has 4 symbols displayed then the reel will expand and this can expand to a maximum size of 7x4. All wins are delivered as multipliers of the Bonus Stake on the completion of each spin. Bonus Symbols Reveals a value as a multiplier of the bonus bet and adds its own value to all other visible symbols on the reels. Min Multiplier x1 and Max Multiplier x10. Collector Reveals a value as a multiplier of the bonus bet and then collects all visible values on the reels and adds them to its own value. Min Multiplier x1 and Max Multiplier x10. Reveals a value as a multiplier of the bonus bet and adds the sum of all other visible values to its own value, then adds the updated value to all other visible symbols on the reels. Min Multiplier x1 and Max Multiplier x200 Reveals a value as a multiplication of bet and doubles the values of 3 to 8 other bonus symbols. It can act on the same bonus symbol several times. Min Multiplier x1 and Max Multiplier x10. The Bonus game can be triggered directly from the Slingo Ladder or via a Bonus Wheel Gold Bonus bet is equal to 100% of initial game bet Silver Bonus bet is equal to 50% of initial game bet Bronze Bonus bet is equal to 25% of initial game bet All values in the feature will be displayed as a multiplication of the Bonus bet. When the Bonus is triggered, 3 Bonus Symbols will appear on the reels before the Bonus begins Each symbol will reveal a value and play their action before the first spin. The bonus round always starts with 3 spins and each time a new symbol is landed the spin count resets When you fill a reel with symbols, an additional reel will be opened. This can happen a maximum of twice per bonus round. If both additional reels have been revealed and a symbol is placed in every possible position, the bonus round will end whilst awarding 500x the bonus bet used when triggering the feature. Rules All symbols occur on all reels Free spins symbols award an additional spin Extra spins are available after each game Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 94.42% Minimum multiplier win in the Bonus Game wheels is x1 Maximum multiplier win in the Bonus Game wheels is x50 The maximum win from the Money Train Bonus Game is x10000. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP Malfunction voids pays and plays In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 0 hours after launch Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions Any winnings will be automatically credit