Slingo Racing Slingo Racing is a multi-pick horse racing themed Slingo game. Select a horse and reach a multiplier on the track for a cash prize. Select your stake and press start game to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with the grid. Each symbol on the reel is red, blue, green or blank. A match moved the corresponding horse along the track. Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. Free Spin symbols add an additional spin. Wilds can be red, blue, green or blank and move the corresponding horse along the track when making a match. Select a horse for each game. If your horse reaches a multiplier then you are awarded a cash prize. Crossing the finish line with your horse awards a jackpot. Only the highest value reached on the track is awarded at the end of the game. Extra Spins Extra spins are available after each game. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. You can control extra spin limits in Play Controls. Collect or buy more spins. The price for the next spin is shown on the spin button. Slingo Wins There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of wilds and super wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most Slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in the horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Play Controls Play controls can be selected from the menu. Set the maximum price to be offered as an extra spin. Set the maximum number of extra spins to be offered. Set the maximum stake for any single game. Set the maximum loss for any single game. The game will automatically end if any of the set limits are reached. General Based on best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 96.30% - 96.34% Based on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95.16% - 95.24% In extra spins some potential prizes may require super wilds. Extra spins are only offered if an increased prize is achievable on the next spin. Free spin symbols are removed from the reels in extra spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games If a player is awarded a free game they will be able to play the base game for free at a predefined staking value. When the base game is completed, the winnings accrued by completing horizontal, vertical or diagonal Slingos or other special symbol bonuses will be displayed to the player and collected. For the avoidance of doubt, the free game is considered as a bonus cash stake. Pending Games An incomplete game will be automatically completed 3 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited.