Slingo Big Spin Booster How to Play Select your stake and press SPIN to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. BONUS SPIN Bonus Spin symbols add an extra spin. SCATTER 3 or more Scatter symbols award a Scatter Wheel spin Scatter Awards 3 Scatters awards Scatter Wheel The minimum prize multiplier is 2X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 15X the initial game stake. 4 Scatters awards Major Scatter Wheel The minimum prize multiplier is 10X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 75X the initial game stake. 5 Scatters awards Grand Scatter Wheel The minimum prize multiplier is 400X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 3000X the initial game stake. Scatter Wheel Bonus prizes are awarded immediately. Scatter Wheel Bonus prizes are awarded in addition to Slingo wins. Slingo Payladder Multipliers are not applied to the win values on the Scatter Wheels Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Bonus Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Big Spin Booster Bonus Games Bonus Wheel 4 Slingos awards either Cash or Wheel Boost 5 Slingos awards either Cash, Wheel Boost or Quack Shot Bonus 6 to 10 Slingos awards either Cash, Wheel Boost, Quack Shot Bonus or Boom Brothers Bonus Full House awards either Cash, Quack Shot Bonus, Boom Brothers Bonus or the Jackpot Bonus Wheel. Cash Award Cash Awards are created by combining the initial Wheel Multipliers and current Slingo Payladder Multipliers. The combined multipliers are displayed on the Wheel during the Slingo game. The current Slingo Payladder Multiplier is highlighted on the Payladder. For example, an initial Wheel Multiplier of 2X and a Slingo Payladder multiplier of 5X awards a cash value of 10X the initial game stake. At 4 Slingos the minimum Wheel Multiplier is 1X the initial game stake. At 4 Slingos the maximum Wheel Multiplier is 7.5X the initial game stake. At 5 Slingos the minimum Wheel Multiplier is 2X the initial game stake. At 5 Slingos the maximum Wheel Multiplier is 15X the initial game stake. At 6 Slingos the minimum Wheel Multiplier is 3X the initial game stake. At 6 Slingos the maximum Wheel Multiplier is 15X the initial game stake. At 7 Slingos the minimum Wheel Multiplier is 5X the initial game stake. At 7 Slingos the maximum Wheel Multiplier is 25X the initial game stake. At 8 Slingos the minimum Wheel Multiplier is 10X the initial game stake. At 8 Slingos the maximum Wheel Multiplier is 50X the initial game stake. At 9 Slingos the minimum Wheel Multiplier is 15X the initial game stake. At 9 Slingos the maximum Wheel Multiplier is 75X the initial game stake. At 10 Slingos the minimum Wheel Multiplier is 30X the initial game stake. At 10 Slingos the maximum Wheel Multiplier is 150X the initial game stake. At Full House the minimum Wheel Multiplier is 50X the initial game stake. At Full House the maximum Wheel Multiplier is 250X the initial game stake. Quack Shot Bonus The Duck Icon awards the Quack Shot Bonus. There are three levels of Quack Shot Bonus. Pick a Duck to reveal a prize. Slingo Payladder Multipliers are not applied to the win values in the Quack Shot Bonus. The minimum and maximum awards are all multipliers of the initial game stake. Boom Brothers Bonus The Cannon Icon awards the Boom Brothers Bonus. There are three levels of Boom Brothers Bonus. Pick a Cannon to reveal a prize. The minimum and maximum awards are all multipliers of the initial game stake. Boost A Boost upgrades all Cash prizes and bonuses to the next Slingo level. A spin is then awarded. At Full House, Boost is replaced by the Jackpot Icon. Jackpot The Jackpot symbol awards the jackpot Wheel. The Jackpot Wheel is only available at Full House. Jackpot Wheel Landing on a Jackpot symbol triggers the Jackpot Bonus Wheel. Select the Wheel to Spin. The minimum prize multiplier is 750X the initial game stakeThe maximum prize multiplier is 2500X the initial game stake. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Bonus Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Last modification date: 6/25/2025