Slingo Deal or No Deal Aim Of The Game First pick your lucky Case! Then spin to match numbers on the reel with Cases on the grid and eliminate prizes. Each Slingo moves you up the prize boost ladder, multiplying the value of all remaining prizes. Get 4 Slingos to unlock the BANKER'S Offer! Will you DEAL, NO DEAL or keep spinning? How To Play Select your stake and press START GAME to begin! You'll be presented with 26 Cases, each allocated with a prize value at random, Pick a Case... ...then hit SPIN to spin the reel. You'll get 10 spins to open Cases and get Slingos. Reel Symbols Each spin will randomly display 5 symbols... Match number symbols with Cases in the column above to reveal its prize value and remove it from the game. Jokers are wild and can be used to open any Case in the column they appear. Free Spin symbols award an additional spin at the end of the game. Super Jokers are also wild and can be used to open any Case in the grid. The Devil blocks potential matches on the reels. The Banker's Offer There are 12 possible Slingos to be found. Each Slingo moves you up the prize boost ladder, which applies a multiplier to ALL remaining prize values in the game. Reach 4 Slingos to unlock the BANKER'S OFFER Take the BANKER'S OFFER! Open your Case and collect the value inside. Continue the game If you choose to keep spinning, the banker will make an offer after each spin, based on the prize values remaining in the game. If you reach a Full House on the prize ladder, you'll win the prize in your Case multiplied x20! Extra Spins After 10 spins, you can either carry on playing with accumulated Free Spins or by buying additional spins. The cost of additional spins is displayed on the spin. Win Lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable - this is because of the last Case to be marked off on the grid will always complete at least 2 winning lines. In the main game based on best strategy the RTP is 95%. In each additional spin purchased based on best strategy the RTP is 95%. Devil appears on the center reel only. Free Spin symbols are removed from the reel for extra spins. A maximum of 4 free spins can be gained in any game. Malfunction void pays and plays. Best Strategy The best strategy for Deal or No Deal Slingo dictates that you should always complete at least your 10 spins, plus any free spins accumulated, and open your Case. The best strategy for positioning jokers and super jokers is always in the position that will move you closest to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Pending Games Incomplete Games Will Be Automatically Completed 48 Hours After Launch. Any Remaining Spins Will Be Played Out With A Random Number Generator Used To Make Any Player Decisions. Any Winnings Will Be Automatically Credited. Last modification date: 5/16/2024