Slingo Candy Machine Bl4st Slingo Basics How To Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 5 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers of the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. BONUS SPIN Bonus Spin awards an additional spin. BLOCKER Blocker symbols do nothing Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted on the grid. Bonus Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. Candy Bl4st Feature Number Match Number matches on the grid are highlighted. When the number matches are complete, the leftmost position rotates to show a Candy and begin the Candy Match sequence. Completed Slingos are then awarded. This continues until all numbers matched complete Candy Match sequences. After the Candy Match sequence completes for number matches, Wilds and Super Wilds become active. The Candy Match sequence repeats for the selection of Wilds and Super Wilds. Candy Match When the number matches are complete, the leftmost position rotates to show a Candy and begin the Candy Match sequence. All unmatched adjacent positions rotate to show a Candy. If the same Candy is revealed they are matched. If different Candy is revealed those positions rotate back. Undabbed adjacent positions to the matched Candy will then rotate to show potential matches. This sequence continues until no new matching Candy is revealed or no more Candy can be revealed. All matched Candy then turns into Dabs. Bl4st 4+ Candy matches from a single match triggers a Bl4st. All wins are added to the Total Win meter. Bl4st awards pay according to the Paytable. Slingo Information Best Strategy Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. If positions are equally preferable, the cell with the least dabbed numbers and most un-dabbed adjacent neighbors is selected. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Bonus Spin awards an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 94.47%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.48%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 48 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 10/22/2025