4 Fantastic Fish 4 Fantastic Fish - Help Welcome to 4 Fantastic Fish! Reel in the biggest prizes the ocean has to offer – can you find the biggest catch of the day? QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical return to player is 95%. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. Volatility Very High INTRODUCTION 4 Fantastic Fish is a 6-reel, 4,096 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Ways slots remove paylines to make it easier to see the wins. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. Fish for the biggest prizes in the sea by catching Fish symbols, which pay out as way wins and might land you 1 of 4 Big Fish prizes! Reel in 3 Respin scatters to win the Respin Bonus and net as many Fish symbols as you can – watch out for the shark who will collect and multiply your wins! Will you get a helping hand from the squid in either the main game or Respin bonus, as it swaps fish to create more wins? HOW TO PLAY? The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. This symbol does not appear on the first reel. RESPIN SCATTER 3 or more Respin scatters in view will award the Respin Bonus. Respin scatters can land on any reel. CASH WAYS Fish symbols can land in view on any reel. Fish symbols land with cash prizes attached to them, and can win as per any other normal way win, on adjacent reels from left to right. When a win occurs, any Fish symbols involved in the win will award the total prize shown on the symbol. BIG GAME FISH Big Game Fish can land on reel 6. They will award one of 4 large Big Game Fish prizes if they are involved in a Fish symbol way win. RESPIN BONUS 3 or more Respin scatters in view will award the Respin Bonus. Each reel that a scatter lands on will be open; all other reels will be closed. Any Fish symbols that land on the triggering spin will be locked on the reels, if they land on an open reel. All symbol positions will spin and any new Fish symbols that land on open reels will be locked in place. Fish symbols that land on closed reels will not be locked. If a Respin scatter lands on a closed reel, that reel will be opened for subsequent respins. Respin scatters cannot land on already open reels. The player will have 3 respins. If a new Fish symbol is locked in place or a Respin scatter opens up a closed reel on a respin, the number of remaining respins will be reset to 3. When the player runs out of respins, the bonus is over and the cash prizes from all Fish symbols that were locked to open reels will be awarded. SHARK FEATURE If an open reel is completely filled with locked Fish symbols, a shark will swim up that reel and collect the cash prizes from all of the Fish symbols. The total prize will be multiplied by 2x and held in the top position of the reel; the other reel positions will then be reopened for new Fish symbols to land in. ULTRA (10000X) Big Game Fish cannot be eaten by the Shark. GIANT SQUID BONUS On any spin, the Giant Squid might appear and rearrange Fish symbols. MAIN GAME The Squid might swap symbols to create or improve a Fish symbol win. RESPIN BONUS The Squid might move a Fish symbol from a closed reel to an open reel to lock it in place. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 4,096 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of a symbol, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2 x 3 x 2 = 12. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different ways are added GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Press Space to spin: allows the use of the Space Bar to make a bet. History – To see game history Game Rules – Opens this help GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails. The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 0 hour(s) after interruption. After that time, any winnings from the interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware / software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/21/2023