Slingo Berserk How to play Slingo berserk is a mix of slots and bingo. Each game lasts 11 spins. Match numbers on the reel with the grid to complete slingos and move up the pay table. Wild allow you to pick a number to match and can trigger the jackpot game. Extra spins are available after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and the potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base game. You can control the number of extra spins and maximum prices offered in our play controls. Please gamble responsibly. Slingo berserk brings big jackpots to slingo. Select your stake and press start game to begin. The cash prize increases with every slingo (win line) you complete. You have 11 spins to match numbers on the reel with the numbers in the grid. Wilds allow the player to mark any number in the column above and have a chance to play the jackpot game. Lightening shoots coins up to the chest. it the coins cascade down the screen the jackpot game is triggered. Pick coins to reveal one of the Vikings. Keep picking until three of the same are revealed to win that jackpot. The mace is a blocking symbol. Free spin symbols add an extra spin. Play controls Play controls can be selected from the menu. Set the maximum price to be offered as an extra spin. Set the maximum number of extra spins to be offered. Set the maximum stake for any single game. Set the maximum loss for any single game. The game will automatically end if any of the set limits are reached. Extra spins Extra spins are available after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the game position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price for the next spin is shown on the spin button. You can control extra spin limits in play controls. Potential wins The potential wins available are displayed in turn Press collect to end the game. The numbers required are highlighted. Win lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the pay table because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best strategy Best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the position that are included in the most slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exists again a random choice is made. Rules Free spins symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins. Only one jackpot can be won per game. Based on best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 95.51% Based on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95.51% Malfunction voids pays and plays. Pending games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 48 hours after launch. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 8/9/2023