Slingo Day of the DAB How To Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 5 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers of the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. FREE SPIN Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. BLOCKER Blocker symbols do nothing Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Multi Dab Feature Number Match All numbers on the grid sit in front of a Skull. When a number is matched on the grid, the position is highlighted. When all number matches are complete, the Skull in the leftmost matched position rotates to show a patterned face and begin the Face Match sequence. All completed Slingos are then awarded. The process continues until all numbers matched on the grid complete Face Match sequences. After the Face Match sequence completes for number matches, Wilds and Super Wilds become active. The Face Match sequence repeats for the selection of Wilds and Super Wilds. Face Match When all matches are complete, the Skull in the leftmost position rotates to show a patterned face. All unmatched adjacent positions rotate to show a Skull. Skulls with the same face pattern are matched. Skulls without the same face pattern rotate back. Undabbed adjacent positions to the matched Skulls will then rotate to show potential matches. This sequence continues until no new matching Skulls are revealed or no more Skulls can be revealed. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. If positions are equally preferable, the cell with the least dabbed numbers and most un-dabbed adjacent neighbors is selected. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Free Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 94.73% Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.72% Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 9/24/2024