Slingo Hot Roll Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press SPIN to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allows you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Free Spin Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Dice Rolls Paytable All bonus rounds pay according to the Paytable. All awards are a multiplier of base stake. Easy Roll Collect 5 Slingos to win an Easy Roll. 1 roll of the dice is offered. All Prizes are awarded according to the Paytable. Double Roll Collect 6 Slingos to win a Double Roll. A choice of 2 rolls of the dice, or 1 roll at a multiplier of X2 is offered. All Prizes are awarded according to the Paytable. Double Double Roll Collect 7 Slingos to win a Double Double Roll. A choice of a number of rolls of the dice, or a single roll at a set multiplier is offered. If the number of rolls is chosen, the player has a choice of options to randomly reveal 2, 3 or 4 rolls of the dice. If a single roll with a multiplier applied is chosen, then the player has a choice of options to randomly reveal a 2x,3x or 4x multiplier. All Prizes are awarded according to the Paytable Triple Double Roll Collect 8 Slingos to win a Triple Double Roll A choice of a number of rolls of the dice, or a single roll at a set multiplier is offered. If the number of rolls is chosen, the player has a choice of options to randomly reveal 3,4 or 5 rolls of the dice. If the single roll with a multiplier applied is chosen, then the player has a choice of options to randomly reveal a 3x,4x or 5x multiplier. All Prizes are awarded according to the Paytable Hot Roll Paytable All bonus rounds pay according to the Paytable. All awards are a multiplier of base stake. A 7 only pays on the first roll of any Hot Roll bonus. Hot Roll Collect 9 Slingos to win a Hot Roll. Each Hot Roll has a maximum of 100 rolls. Every roll has a chance to upgrade to Golden Dice. The bonus ends when a 7 is rolled, after which the total prize is awarded. Hot Roll With 2 Lives Collect 10 Slingos to win a Hot Roll with 2 lives. A choice of 2 Hot Rolls, or a single Hot Roll with a 2X multiplier is offered. Each Hot Roll has a maximum of 100 rolls. All Prizes are awarded according to the Paytable. If 2 Hot Rolls are selected, 2 lives are awarded. Each time 7 is rolled a life is lost. The bonus ends when both lives are lost, after which the total prize is awarded. If Hot Roll with a 2X multiplier is selected, a single Hot Roll is awarded. All pays are awarded at 2X. The bonus ends when a 7 is rolled, after which the total prize is awarded. An increased chance of the Golden Dice upgrade is available on every roll. All Prizes are awarded according to the Paytable. Hot Roll With 4 Lives Collect 12 Slingos to win a Hot Roll with 4 lives. A choice of 4 Hot Rolls, or a single Hot Roll with a 4X multiplier is offered. Each Hot Roll has a maximum of 100 rolls. All Prizes are awarded according to the Paytable. If 4 Hot Rolls are selected, 4 lives are awarded. Each time 7 is rolled a life is lost. The bonus ends when all 4 lives are lost, after which the total prize is awarded. If Hot Roll with a 4X multiplier is selected, a single Hot Roll is awarded. All pays are awarded at 4X The bonus ends when a 7 is rolled, after which the total prize is awarded. An increased chance of the Golden Dice upgrade is available on every roll. All Prizes are awarded according to the Paytable. Golden Dice Golden Dice are triggered randomly during Hot Rolls. Golden Dice awards all prizes at 2X. If a 7 is rolled during a Golden Dice roll, then no life is lost. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Free Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 94.58%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.56%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 1/31/2024