Slingo Gold Fish Payladder 12 Slingos awards either the Gold Fish Bonus or the Fish Food Bonus. 10 Slingos awards the Gold Fish Bonus. 9 Slingos awards the Purple Fish Bonus. 8 Slingos awards the Fish Food Bonus. 7 Slingos awards the Red Fish Bonus. 6 Slingos awards the Fish Food Bonus.5 Slingos awards the Green Fish Bonus. Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reels with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. BONUS SPIN Bonus spin symbols add an extra spin. Bonus spins are available both in the base Slingo Game and in Extra Spins. BLOCKER Blocker does not award anything Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. The potential wins available are displayed in turn.The numbers required are highlighted on the grid. Bonus Games Gold Fish Bonus 10 Slingos awards the Gold Fish Bonus. Full House also offers the chance to play the Gold Fish Bonus. At 10 Slingos, one Gold Fish jumps into the Goldfish Bowl. At Full House, two Gold Fish jump into the Goldfish Bowl. 8 initial Bonus Spins of the Reel are awarded. 5 Bubbles are presented. Select a Bubble to reveal 1-4 additional Bonus Spins or a Gold Fish. When awarded, the Gold Fish jumps into the Goldfish Bowl. Bonus Spins commence and the Reel shows either a Fish or Blank. All Fish other than a Gold FIsh award a cash prize. When awarded, the Gold Fish jumps into the Goldfish Bowl. All Cash Prizes are multiplied by the number of Gold Fish in the Goldfish Bowl. Blue Fish awards a respin. Each Blue Fish adds a +1 multiplier to any further wins during the respin sequence. Multiple Blue Fish in one spin only award a single respin. Gold Fish Bonus Awards All awards are multiples of initial base stake. The Gold Fish does not award a value from the reel. Fish Food Bonus 6 and 8 Slingos awards the Fish Food Bonus. Full House also offers the chance to play the Fish Food Bonus. 25 Fish Food icons sit on a 5x5 Grid. The 5x5 Grid contains 20 Fish and 5 Turtles. Selecting an icon reveals a Fish or a Turtle. Revealing 3 or 4 of kind of any Fish awards a prize. Revealing 3 Turtles ends the Fish Food Bonus and awards the Turtle Bonus. Revealing all 20 Fish on the 5x5 Grid awards the Golden Turtle Bonus. In the Turtle Bonus, select a Turtle to reveal a prize. Fish Food Bonus Awards At 8 Slingos all prizes are multiplied by 3 At 12 Slingos all prizes are multiplied by 15 All awards are multiples of initial base stake. Purple Fish Bonus 9 Slingos awards the Purple Fish Bonus. The Purple Fish jumps into the Goldfish Bowl. 3 Bubbles are presented and display icons within. Select an icon. The selected icon displays a cash value. The Purple Fish releases three bubbles, each containing a number. The three numbers form a random multiplier. The mulltiplier is applied to the icon cash value and the Bonus ends. Red Fish Bonus 7 Slingos awards the Red Fish Bonus. Select an icon to reveal a prize The selected icon displays a cash value in a Bubble. Gold Fish kiss the Bubble and double the value. All other Fish will kiss the Bubble and add cash. Green Fish Bonus 5 Slingos awards the Green Fish Bonus. Select a Bubble to reveal a prize. If the whirlpool icon is selected, the sum of all the other prizes is awarded.All awards are multiples of initial base stake. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Bonus Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.38%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 95.35%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 11/18/2025