Slinguini Slingo Slingo Basics Payladder 12 Slingos awards 350X the initial game stake. 10 Slingos awards 100X the initial game stake.9 Slingos awards 35X the initial game stake. 8 Slingos awards 15X the initial game stake. 7 Slingos awards 5X the initial game stake. 6 Slingos awards 2X the initial game stake. 5 Slingos awards 1X the initial game stake. 4 Slingos awards 0.5X the initial game stake. How To Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 5 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers of the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. BONUS SPIN Bonus Spin awards an additional spin. BLOCKER Blocker symbols do nothing. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted on the grid. Bonus Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. Multi Dab Feature Number Match Number matches on the grid are highlighted. When the number matches are complete, the leftmost position rotates to show an Ingredient and begin the Ingredient Match sequence. Completed Slingos are then awarded. Each highlighted number will complete the Ingredient Match sequence. After the Ingredient Match sequence completes for number matches, Wilds and Super Wilds become active. The Ingredient Match sequence repeats for the selection of Wilds and Super Wilds. Ingredient Match When the number matches are complete, the leftmost position rotates to show an Ingredient and begin the Ingredient Match sequence. All unmatched adjacent positions rotate to show an Ingredient. If the same Ingredient is revealed they are matched. If different Ingredient is revealed those positions rotate back. Undabbed adjacent positions to the matched Ingredient will then rotate to show potential matches. This sequence continues until no new matching Ingredient is revealed or no more Ingredients can be revealed. All matched Ingredient then turns into Dabs. Jackpots 9 Ingredient Matches in a single sequence awards the Mini Jackpot. 11 Ingredient Matches in a single sequence awards the Minor Jackpot. 14 Ingredient Matches in a single sequence awards the Major Jackpot. 17 Ingredient Matches in a single sequence awards the Mega Jackpot. 20 Ingredient Matches in a single sequence awards the Grand Jackpot. Jackpot Awards The Mini Jackpot awards 5X the initial game stake. The Minor Jackpot awards 25X the initial game stake. The Major Jackpot awards 100X the initial game stake. The Mega Jackpot awards 1000X the initial game stake. The Grand Jackpot awards 5000X the initial game stake Slingo Information Best Strategy Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. If positions are equally preferable, the cell with the least dabbed numbers and most un-dabbed adjacent neighbors is selected. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Bonus Spin awards an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.50%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 95.46%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 48 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 11/25/2025