Slingo River Re3ls How to Play Select your stake and press SPIN to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Each dab reveals a Fish Prize that can be collected during the Fisherman respins. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allows you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Boot The Boot is a blocker symbol. Blocker symbols do nothing. Fisherman From 0-3 Slingos, The Fisherman is locked and does nothing. From 4 Slingos, The Fisherman symbol unlocks and awards Fisherman Respins. Lives A life is awarded at 4, 6, 8, 10 & 12 Slingos. Collected Lives are displayed above the Reel. Lives are used in Fisherman Respins. Extra Spins Extra Spins are available after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. You can control extra spin limits in play controls. Collect or buy extra spins. The price of the next spin is shown on the spin button. Only the current prizes are collected. The prizes awarded are not cumulative. Fisherman Respins From 4 Slingos, when a Fisherman Symbol lands the reel grows to a 5x3 presentation with 15 separate reels. Fishermen that trigger the Respins remain in the same position during the Fisherman Respins. The respin reel contains only Fisherman and empty reels. Every time a Fisherman lands on the reel, another spin is awarded. Every time a Fisherman does not land on the reel, a life is lost. If a stack of 3 Fisherman is achieved then it converts into a stacked Fisherman symbol. When no Fisherman lands and there are no lives remaining, or all positions are filled, the spins complete. Fisherman Collection 1 Stack - All the multipliers on the column above the stack are awarded. 2 Stacks - All the multipliers on the column above each stack are awarded. 3 Stacks - All the multipliers on the grid are awarded. 4 Stacks - All the multipliers on the grid are totalled, and awarded X3. 5 Stacks - All the multipliers on the grid are totalled, and awarded X5. Fish Prizes The minimum Fish Prize is 0.1X the selected game stake. The maximum Fish Prize is 5X the selected game stake. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.34%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 95.35%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 3 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Player Controls Play Controls can be selected from the options menu. Set the maximum number of extra spins to be offered. Set the maximum price to be offered as an extra spin. Set the maximum total stake for any single game. Set the maximum total loss for any single game. The game will automatically end if any of the set limits are reached. Last modification date: 10/8/2024