5 Doggy Dollars 5 DOGGY DOLLARS™ GAME RULES Welcome to 5 DOGGY DOLLARS! Featuring MONEY WAYS™, where any top symbol can spin in with a Cash Bone attached! Can you dig up 1 of 4 Big Prize Bones? QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical RTP (return to player) is 94.00% INTRODUCTION 5 DOGGY DOLLARS™ is a 5x4 1,024 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Ways removes paylines making it easier to see where the win is. Take your wins off the leash with MONEY WAYS™, where the top dogs can spin in carrying Cash Bones! Win 1 of 4 Big Prize Bones, chase your tails with the Frisbee Feature, go mutts in the Pick-A-Win bonus, or lock and collect Cash Bones in the barking Respin bonus! HOW TO PLAY The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. Only the highest win is paid per symbol. MONEY WAYS Cash Bones can appear on any Wild or paying Dog symbol on the reels. If the Cash Bone appears on a symbol that is involved in a win, it is awarded to the player. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. RESPIN BONUS 3 Respin scatters in view will award the Respin Bonus. These scatters can land on reels 1, 3, and 5. PICK-A-WIN SCATTER 3 or more Pick-A-Win scatters in view will award the Pick-A-Win Bonus. These scatters can land on any reel. COLLECT SYMBOL The Collect Scatter collects and awards all Cash Bones in view on the reels. Any Cash Bones that appear on winning symbols will pay out as part of both the normal win and the Collect scatter. Collect Scatters can appear on any reel. BIG PRIZE BONES Big Prize Bones can appear instead of Cash Bones on Dog symbols. They will award one of 4 large fixed prizes if they are involved in a win. Big Prize Bones can not appear on Wild symbols. Big Prize Bones can appear in the Respin Bonus, or as prizes in the Pick-A-Win bonus. FRISBEE FEATURE On any spin, a Frisbee might fly over the reels and rearrange symbols to create or improve a win. On any losing spin, a Frisbee might fly over the reels and rearrange symbols to create a win. This will guarantee at least 1 Cash Bone is awarded. RESPIN BONUS 3 Respin scatters in view will award the Respin Bonus. During the Respin Bonus, all symbol positions will spin and any symbols that land with Cash Bones will be locked in place on the reels. Ways wins will be awarded as usual after every respin. The player will have 3 respins. If a new symbol with a Cash Bone lands and is locked in place, the number of remaining respins will be reset to 3. RESPIN BONUS FRISBEE FEATURE If a reel is completely filled with locked symbols, a Frisbee will be thrown up the reel and collect all Cash Bones on that reel. The total cash value will be multiplied by 2x and held above the reel area in the Frisbee; the other reel positions will then be unlocked for new symbols to spin in. COLLECT SCATTER Collect scatters can land in any reel position during the Respin Bonus. If a Collect Scatter lands, it will copy and collect any Cash Bones also in view on the reels, and display the total as a new Cash Bone. The Collect Scatter will lock in place on the reels. The Collect Scatter does not reset lives. PICK-A-WIN 3 or more Pick-A-Win scatters in view will award the Pick-A-Win Bonus. You will win the same number of picks as scatters that triggered the bonus. You will be presented with a number of pickable objects. Each object contains a cash prize. Tapping any of the objects picks it and reveals a cash prize, which is then added to your total win. When you have run out of picks, the feature will end and your winnings will be awarded. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 1024 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first column contains 2 symbols, second column 3 symbols and third column 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2*3*2=12. GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Space to Spin – Available on PC only, if enabled the player can press space to spin History – To see game history Game Rules – Opens this game rules GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails. The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 3 hour(s) after interruption. After that time, any winnings from the interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/11/2024