7 Gold Gigablox INTRODUCTION 7 Gold Gigablox is a 6-reel, 46,656 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer. Ways slots remove paylines to make it easier to see the wins. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. Climb the Gold 7 Ladder for cash prizes or win 1 of 3 unique in-reel bonuses on any spin! Lights Reveal will reveal winning symbols inside the Glass symbols; the Lights Shuffle moves the reels to create wins; and Giga Summon brings the biggest Gigablox to the reels, including mighty 6x6 symbols! Trigger up to 36 Free Spins with at least 1 guaranteed Lights Shuffle or Giga Summon! Keep retriggering for a glitteringly gigantic bonus! HOW TO PLAY? The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. GIGABLOX Gigablox are massive symbols on enlarged reels. Gigablox symbols can be 2x2 to 6x6 in size. Gigablox symbols will be split into 1x1 symbols for the purpose of win calculation and Free Spins Scatter awards. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. Wild symbols can appear on any reel, but cannot appear on the first 3 reels simultaneously. Free Spins Scatter 5 or more Free Spins Scatters will award Free Spins. GLASS SYMBOLS Glass Symbols do not award wins. GOLD 7 SCATTERS Gold 7 Scatters can be collected on a single spin to award cash prizes in the Gold 7 Ladder feature. GOLD 7 LADDER FEATURE Land Gold 7 Scatters in view on any spin to win cash prizes on the Gold 7 Ladder feature. Prizes are won when at least 5 Gold 7 Scatters land in view. LIGHTS REVEAL FEATURE Glass symbols will reveal symbols, guaranteeing a win. This feature will occur randomly in the base game. LIGHTS SHUFFLE FEATURE The reels will shuffle into a new order creating a win. This feature will occur randomly. GIGA SUMMON FEATURE A large Gigablox reel will be summoned, which will contain symbols sized 4x4 or larger. This feature will occur randomly. Win 70000x with 6x6 7 Gold symbols in Giga Summon feature! FREE SPINS 5 or more Free Spins Scatters will award Free Spins. You win the same number of Free Spins as the number of Scatters that triggered the bonus. At least 1 Lights Shuffle or Giga Summon feature is guaranteed to trigger during the Free Spins bonus. During Free Spins, all Glass Symbols are removed from the reels. Every Free Spins scatter that lands will award 1 extra Free Spin. Giga Summon maximum size is 5x5 in Free Spins HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 46,656 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of a symbol, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2 x 3 x 2 = 12. GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Press Space to spin – Allows the use of the Space Bar to make a bet (on PC). History – To see game history Game Rules – Opens this help GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails. The reels are spin with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 3.00 hour(s) after interruption. After that time, any winnings from the interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware / software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/15/2024