Slingo Press Your Luck Slingo Press Your Luck Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. BLOCKER Blocker symbols do nothing. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Press Your Luck Bonus Rounds Take Your Pick 4 or 5 Slingos awards the Take Your Pick Bonus The Bonus has up to 4 rounds. Each round displays 4 picks. Picks reveal a cash prize or a Whammy. If a cash prize is awarded the Bonus continues to the next round. If a Whammy is revealed the Bonus ends. Round 1 contains 4 cash prizes and 0 Whammies. Round 2 contains 3 cash prizes and 1 Whammy. Round 3 contains 2 cash prizes and 2 Whammies. Round 4 contains 1 cash prize and 3 Whammies. The minimum displayed value on this bonus is 0.3X the base game stake. The maximum displayed value on this bonus is 6X the base game stake. Lucky Press 7 or 8 Slingos awards the Lucky Press Bonus. The Bonus plays on the Press Your Luck game board. The game board has 18 prize positions. Prize positions can award cash prizes or reveal Whammies. Prize positions highlight in random succession. Pressing the red button stops the highlight. If a cash prize is won, the bonus continues with more Whammies added to the game board. If a Whammy is revealed the Bonus ends. A maximum of 10 Whammies can be added. The minimum displayed value on this bonus is 0.5X the base game stake. The maximum displayed value on this bonus is 50X the base game stake. Spin To Win 9 or 10 Slingos awards the Spin To Win Bonus. The Bonus plays on the Spin To Win Big Wheels. There are 3 wheels. Wheels 1 and 2 award cash prizes only. Wheel 3 awards a multiplier only. The cash values on Wheels 1 and 2 are added. Wheel 3 applies the multiplier to the sum of the wins from Wheels 1 and 2. Pressing the red button starts the Wheels. If a Whammy is hit on Wheel 2 it awards 0. If a Whammy is hit on Wheel 3, it awards a multiplier of 1X. The minimum displayed value on Wheels 1 and 2 in this bonus is 6X the base game stake. The maximum displayed value on Wheels 1 and 2 this bonus is 50X the base game stake. The minimum multiplier on Wheel 3 is 1X. The maximum multiplier on Wheel 3 is 10X. Press Your Luck 6 or 12 Slingos awards the Press Your Luck Bonus. The Bonus plays on the Press Your Luck game board. Hearts outside the board represent the number of lives. The Bonus begins with 3 lives. The game board has 18 prize positions. At 6 Slingos, prize positions can award cash prizes or reveal Whammies. At 12 Slingos, prize positions can award cash prizes, +1 Life or reveal Whammies. +1 Life awards another life and a Cash prize. If a Whammy is revealed, a life is lost. Prize positions highlight in random succession. Pressing the red button stops the highlight. If a cash prize is won the bonus continues with more Whammies added to the game board. A maximum of 13 Whammies can be added. The minimum displayed value on this bonus is 0.1X the base game stake. The maximum displayed value on this bonus is 125X the base game stake. Press Your Luck Gamble When a single life remains, there is a choice to collect the Current Win or continue the Bonus. The COLLECT button becomes active. Pressing COLLECT awards the Current Win. Continuing risks winning a lower prize if the final life is lost. The lower prize value is the Current Win x 0.8. At 6 Slingos this value is then rounded up to a win multiplier value of 0.1X. At 12 Slingos this value is then rounded up to a win multiplier value of 10X. The value that will be lost is displayed in the centre of the game board while the player makes the decision. The amount the that will be lost is displayed on the win meter in red. The COLLECT button will only be active when there is one life remaining. If a life is gained then the gamble is removed and the COLLECT button deactivates. Press Your Luck Big Win The Press Your Luck Big Win is awarded if a certain win value is achieved. This value is displayed at the beginning of the Bonus. This value is also displayed on the win meter throughout the Bonus. The win meter shows how close to the Press Your Luck Big Win the Current Win is. If the Press Your Luck Big Win is achieved, the Current Win doubles and the Bonus ends. For this Bonus at 6 Slingos, the Press Your Luck Big Win is achieved if the accumulated win reaches 5X the base stake or greater. For this Bonus at 12 Slingos, the Press Your Luck Big Win is achieved if the accumulated win reaches 150X the base stake or greater. Press Your Luck Bonus Best Strategy The Best Strategy in the Press Your Luck Bonus is to always play until all lives are lost. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.14%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.99%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 48 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. SLINGO(R) ©2001-2024 GAMING REALMS PLC www.gamingrealms.com Press Your Luck ®/© FremantleMedia Netherlands B.V. 202 Last modification date: 3/20/2025