Space Invaders Slingo Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 12 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Cannon Cannon symbols fire beams in both the Base Game and the Bonus Game. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next extra spin is displayed on the "SPIN FOR" button. Space Invaders Slingo Space Invaders Base Game During Slingo gameplay, UFOs fly over the Slingo Grid. When a Cannon symbol lands on a reel, a Beam is fired. UFOs in the column above a Cannon explode when hit by the Beam. Destroyed Red UFOs collect a Bonus Life for the Space Invaders Bonus Game. Destroyed Gold UFOs award an instant Cash prize. If there is no UFO in the column above the Cannon, the Beam misses. Red UFO Red UFOs appear in both the Base Game and Bonus Game. Red UFOs appear only after the player achieves 4 Slingos on the Slingo Payladder. Red UFOs appear above a randomly selected column of the Slingo Grid. When shot in the Base Game, Red UFOs collect a Bonus Life for use in the Bonus Game. Bonus Lives are added to the Bonus Life Meter. 8 Bonus Lives can be collected in the Base Game: - A maximum of 5 Bonus Lives awarded from the Slingo Payladder - A maximum of 3 Bonus Lives from destroying Red UFOs Red Spaceships do not appear above the Slingo Grid during Extra Spins. Gold UFO Gold UFOs appear in both the Base Game and Bonus Game. In the Base Game, the Gold UFO is only available after achieving 1 Slingo. Gold UFOs appear above a randomly selected column of the Slingo Grid. The Cash value awarded is displayed next to the Gold UFO. The Gold UFO awards Cash when destroyed. All Cash awards in the Base Game are immediately added to the Cash Pot. Different Cash awards are available from the Gold UFO depending on how many Slingos have been collected. 1-3 Slingos - Gold UFO awards 1X the selected game stake. 4-12 Slingos - Gold UFO awards 1X, 3X or 5X the selected game stake. Coin Accumulate Slingos to win Cash. The Cash value is displayed on the Coin as a multiplier of the selected game stake. Cash is awarded as the player accumulates Slingos. All Cash awards are immediately added to the Cash Pot. Space Invaders Bonus Game Space Invaders Bonus Game Icon The Space Invaders Bonus Game is represented on the Slingo Payladder by an icon showing three Invaders. Different Bonus Game multipliers are available depending on how many Slingos have been collected. The minimum Bonus Game multiplier is 1X the selected game stake. The maximum Bonus Game multiplier is 50X the selected game stake. Bonus Game multipliers are applied to the value of all Invaders collected in the Bonus Game. Space Invaders Bonus Game Play The Space Invaders Bonus Game features Space Invaders Aliens and a 1x5 Bonus Reel. Invaders enter from the top left of the screen. All Invaders travel the prescribed path from the top left to bottom right of the screen. The Invaders will travel along the path at a rate of between 1 and 5 steps per spin. The number of steps the Invaders move is randomly selected with equal probability. The 1x5 Bonus Reel displays either Cannons or blank symbols. When a Cannon lands on the Reel, a Beam is fired. Beams hit the Invaders above, awarding Cash which is added to the Bonus Pot. Red UFOs are present in the Space Invaders Bonus Game and behave as in the Base Game. Gold UFOs are present in the Space Invaders Bonus Game and behave as in the Base Game. Gold UFOs award 2X, 6X or 10X the selected stake in the Bonus Game. All Cash awards in the Bonus Game are immediately added to the Bonus Pot. The player loses a Life if an Invader reaches the end of the path without being hit by a Beam. Any other Invaders on the bottom row of the path are also removed. The Bonus Game finishes when all Bonus Lives are lost. Space Invaders Bonus Symbols Invaders All awards are a multiplier of selected game stake. These awards are then further multiplied by the Bonus Game multiplier and added to the Bonus Pot. Cannons Single Cannon, Double Cannon and Triple Cannon symbols appear on the Bonus Reel. Single Cannon fires one Beam. Double Cannon fires two Beams. Triple Cannon fires three Beams. Cannons fire from the leftmost to rightmost reel. When a Double or Triple Cannon symbol appears, the reel does not spin again until all Beams have been fired. Reels can have Blanks that do not fire a Beam. Bunkers Bunkers can appear above the reels, which absorb shots from the Cannons. Bunkers are destroyed after 3 hits. Slingo Payladder & Game Meters Slingo Payladder The Payladder displays: - Cash values that are collected into the Cash Pot - Bonus Lives for use in the Space Invaders Bonus Game - Space Invaders Bonus Game icons showing multipliers Cash Pot In the Base Game: - Cash awarded from the Payladder is collected into the Cash Pot - Cash awarded from destroying Gold UFOs is collected into the Cash Pot In the Bonus Game: - Cash awarded from destroying Gold UFOs is collected into the Bonus Pot Bonus Lives In the Base Game - Bonus Lives collected from the Payladder are added to the Bonus Lives Meter - Bonus Lives collected from destroying Red UFOs are added to the Bonus Lives Meter - Bonus Lives collected in the Base Game are used in the Bonus Game In the Bonus Game: - Lives collected from destroying Red UFOs are added to the Bonus Lives Meter Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 94.02%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 93.91%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 11/21/2023