Slingo Gold Cash How to Play Select your stake and press SPIN to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Free Spin Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. Bonus Wheel Feature The Bonus Wheel Feature is available from 4-8 Slingos. All Wheels offer a Cash prize or entry to the Gold Cash Freespins Bonus. The first spin on the Bonus Wheel awards a Cash prize or Cash Boost. Cash Boost is a second spin of the Bonus Wheel that awards an increased Cash prize or Gold Cash Freespins. Ascending the Payladder increases the chances of winning Cash Boost. Gold Cash Freespins Gold Cash Freespins are awarded via the Bonus Wheel from 4-8 Slingos. 9 Slingos awards 15X the selected stake and 5 Free Spins. 10 Slingos awards 25X the selected stake and 10 Free Spins. Full House awards 75X the selected stake and 15 Free Spins. Paytable The slot is played with 4 symbols only. Gold Cash Freespins pays according to the Paytable. Wild substitutes for all symbols. Wild symbols are available on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. To win, match 3, 4 or 5 symbols across adjacent reels on a valid winline from the leftmost reel to the right. Winlines Gold Cash Freespins is played with 40 win lines. All Win lines are available at all stake levels. Only the highest win on each win line is awarded. Wins on different lines are added. All line wins are multiplied by the selected game stake. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Free Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 94.19%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.15%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 9/3/2024