Nefertiti Hot One Nefertiti Hot1 Help File Nefertiti - Hot 1™ Rules WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except BONUS. All wins including WILD are 2x, this multiplier does not stack if more than 1 WILD symbol is present. WILD will substitute for the symbol that creates the highest possible win. BONUS 2 BONUS symbols anywhere triggers a Mystery Respin. 3 or more BONUS symbols anywhere triggers Free Spins Mystery Respin 2 BONUS symbols anywhere on the reels triggers the Mystery Respin Feature. The 2 Reels containing the BONUS symbol are held while the remaining 3 are re-spun once. Respins are played at the triggering bet. Free Spins can be triggered on a respin however the respin cannot be retriggered. Depending on the Respin awarded, the BONUS symbols may transform in the following ways: Bonus Chance Respin The BONUS symbols do not transform. Wild Respin The BONUS symbols transform to WILD symbols for the respin. Free Spins Feature 7 Free Spins are triggered by 3 or more BONUS symbols anywhere at the completion of a base spin or Mystery Respin. During Free Spins, the triggering BONUS symbols become a Sticky Symbol. All 5 reels are spun, while all Sticky symbols transform to be the lowest character symbol. If any new BONUS symbols land during this spin, they also become Sticky and an additional spin is immediately awarded and played. Once no new BONUS symbols land, the Sticky symbols transform to the next character symbol. The same sequence continues through to the top paying character symbol. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the triggering Spin. Hot 1 The final Free Spin is the Hot 1. All Sticky symbols become the WILD symbol for the final spin. If any new BONUS symbols land during this spin, they also become Sticky and an additional Hot 1 spin is awarded. When no new BONUS symbols appear, the Hot 1 is completed. Buy Bonus The player may opt to buy a Free Spins Feature. The cost to buy is 75x bet per spin. A spin is played that will trigger Free Spins Feature and Hot 1. The triggering spin will have between 3 and 5 BONUS symbols to start the Free Spins Feature. The Buy Bonus Free Spins play out as per the standard Free Spins and Hot 1 rules. Buy Bonus RTP: 94.26% Game Rules All wins occur on the 40 paylines. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. Coinciding wins are added. Only highest win paid per line. All wins are as shown in the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.24% How to play Spin Button Places a bet at the value displayed in Bet Meter and spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Bet Meter Display the current bet amount. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Button during Spin Stops reel animation spin. Stop Button during Autoplay Stops the autoplay. Autoplay Meter Display the player's current autoplay remaining. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the meter. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds Off or On. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Sound Buttons Turn sounds off or on respectively. Music Buttons Turn background music Off or On respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. This is game rules version 3, dated February 25, 2025. Last modification date: 7/10/2025