Slingo Wolf Snowstorm Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press SPIN to begin. You have 6 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Every spin can deliver up to 4 symbols per reel. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Free Spin Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. Blocker Blocker symbols do nothing Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Features The following features can be triggered on any spin and modify the reel result: Blizzard The reel result will always be 4 symbols high. Snowdrift Extra symbols will be added to the reel result. Wild Blast One or more symbols are turned into Wild symbols. Snow Storm Respin The reels will spin again, using the same array of symbols. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Free spins symbols award an additional spin. Free spins symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 94.74%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.50%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 1/31/2024