3 Lucky Leprechauns 3 Lucky Leprechauns Welcome to 3 Lucky Leprechauns! Pick your luckiest Leprechaun to accompany you up the Leprechaun Trail, where you can win cash prizes, guaranteed win spins, and picks for the Pick-a-Win feature! Reach the top o’the trail to find the Leprechaun’s lucky pot of gold and 5000x your bet! INTRODUCTION 3 Lucky Leprechauns is a 5-reel, 243 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer. Ways slots remove paylines to make it easier to see the wins. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. 3 Lucky Leprechauns features the Leprechaun Trail – any spin could send you up the trail to win cash prizes, guaranteed win spins, or picks in the Pick-a-Win bonus! Choose your luckiest Leprechaun to be your Wild symbol! HOW TO PLAY? The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are highlighted when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. You can change which Leprechaun appears on the Wild symbol using the arrow buttons on the splash screen or paytable, or by pressing the Wild symbol on the reels screen. This will affect all Wild symbols on the reels. This feature is cosmetic only: changing the Leprechaun that appears on the Wild symbols will not affect the game RTP or features in any way. BONUS SCATTER Landing 3 or more Bonus Scatters in view on the reels triggers the Leprechaun Trail bonus. LEPRECHAUN TRAIL BONUS 3 Bonus Scatters start you at the bottom of the Leprechaun Trail. 4 Bonus Scatters start you on level 7 of the Leprechaun Trail. 5 Bonus Scatters start you on level 12 of the Leprechaun Trail. On each level of the Leprechaun Trail, a random pick will occur. Either you will win a prize or a level up. If you win a level up, you will be taken to the next level of the Leprechaun Trail and the random pick will occur again on this level. If you win a prize, the Leprechaun Trail bonus will end and your prize will be awarded. You can win one of the following prizes: Cash prize: this is paid immediately on completion of the Leprechaun Trail bonus. The cash prizes that can be won are displayed on each level of the Leprechaun Trail. It is multiplied by the triggering bet. Win Spins: win a number of guaranteed win spins with a prize multiplier. Picks: win a number of picks on the Pick-a-Win bonus. If you win Win Spins or Picks, you will be given the choice of whether to play your bonus or to receive a cash prize. The cash prize will generally equate to the average win value of the bonus that you can choose to play, and is also shown on the Leprechaun Trail. WIN SPINS Depending on the ladder position that triggers this feature, you can win between 4 and 15 Win Spins. Win Spins are played with a win multiplier of 5x, which means that all wins will be multiplied by this value. During Win Spins, every spin will give a winning symbol combination. When you have run out of Win Spins, the feature will end and your winnings will be awarded. Instead of playing this bonus, you can choose to take a cash prize, which will generally equate to the average win value of the bonus. Playing the bonus can award a total prize that is lower than or greater than the cash prize. PICK-A-WIN Depending on the ladder position that triggers this feature, you can win between 1 and 5 picks in the Pick-a-Win bonus. You will be presented with a number of pickable chests. Each chest contains a cash prize. Tapping any of the chests picks it and reveals a cash prize, which is then added to your total win. When you have run out of picks, the feature will end and your winnings will be awarded. Instead of playing this bonus, you can choose to take a cash prize, which will generally equate to the average win value of the bonus. Playing the bonus can award a total prize that is lower than or greater than the cash prize. BUY FEATURE The player can choose from 3 Buy Feature modes: Buy Feature can only be activated in the base game. If you play the Win Spins or Pick-a-Win bonus directly via Buy Feature, you will not be able to take a cash prize instead of playing the bonus. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 243 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of a symbol, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2 x 3 x 2 = 12. Only the highest win is paid per symbol. AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open Autoplay, press the AUTOPLAY button (the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle). The player can choose the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number is reached or when the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When Autoplay is active, the AUTOPLAY button becomes a STOP button which displays the number of remaining spins. Press the STOP button to stop Autoplay spins. GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Press Space to spin – Allows the use of the Space Bar to make a bet (on PC) Autoplay – To access the autoplay menu History – To see game history Game Rules – Opens this help (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction)GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails The reels are spin with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 24 hour(s) after interruption. After that time, any winnings from the interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware / software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded.