Cat And Mouse: Collect Feed the mice and make them grow. Set off around the trail, watching out for the Cranky Cat and the Traps along the way! All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right, except Bonus Symbols which are awarded anywhere on screen! Cat And Mouse Cheese Feature Every spin, each of the uniquely coloured Cheese symbols have a chance of activating their matching Mouse: Green: Awards a multiplier prize up to x30 Red: Awards up to 9 Bonus Spins Blue: Activates Cheese Chase bonus feature Instant Prize award is multiplied by total bet. Cheese Chase Bonus Blue Cheeses can activate Cheese Chase. Once activated, each spin can move our hero Mouse up to 6 spaces. Spaces have the following actions when landed on: Multiplier space adds that prize to the total award. Golden Cheeses triggers 3 cheeses, each offering a mystery prize. Trap ends the feature, accumulated prizes are awarded. Reach lap 2 and all Cheese Chase + Golden Cheese prizes are doubled (x2). Reach lap 3 and all Cheese Chase prizes are tripled (x3). In addition on lap 3, Golden Cheese prizes are quadrupled (x4). The feature has a 3 lap limit. Cheese Chase final prize is multiplied by total bet. Wild Symbols WILD symbols will substitute for the highest winning symbol combination. WILDs will not substitute for Bonus symbols. WILD symbol wins are multiplied by unit bet staked-per line. Bonus Spins During Bonus Spins play, 3 Golden Cheeses symbols anywhere on screen will activate a picker displaying 3 Cheeses. Picked Cheese can award one of: Up to 5 additional Bonus Spins Instant prize up to x300 All Bonus Spins are locked to the last bet amount played. Win lines All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. Only the highest win is awarded on each winline. Winlines are locked to 20 lines. Reels wins are multiplied by unit bet-staked per line. OTHER INFORMATION Autoplay (only available in some jurisdictions) allows automatic consecutive normal gameplays for a specific selected amount of spins. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 3 hours/s after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. This game includes visual elements that change as you play. These elements are for entertainment purposes only and do not influence the outcome of the game. Each spin is independent, and the results are determined by a random number generator (RNG). Visual changes do not affect the game's Return to Player (RTP). Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical Return to Player is: 94% Last modification date: 2/17/2026