5 Flaming Dollars INTRODUCTION 5 FLAMING DOLLARS is a 5-reel slot created by 4ThePlayer. A win is formed from 3 or more paying symbols landing anywhere on the reels. Land special Prize Coins to heat up your wins: Persistent coins lock on the reels for multiple spins, while Multiplier coins boost any wins in view! Win 1 of 4 increasing Boosting Fortunes prizes, or set the reels on fire in the Respins feature! HOW TO PLAY? The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are highlighted when the spin stops. COIN WAYS On every spin, the only symbols that can land are empty symbols or the symbols listed below. PRIZE COINS Prize Coins can land anywhere on the reels. Every Prize Coin has a cash prize on it. Potential prizes: $1.00, $2.00, $3.00, $5.00, $8.00, $10.00, $12.00, $13.00, $15.00, $20.00, $25.00, $30.00, $40.00, $50.00, $100.00, $120.00, $150.00, $200.00, $250.00, $300.00, $500.00, $1,000.00 Landing 3 or more Prize Coins anywhere in view wins all the prizes on the coins. Landing 5 or more Prize Coins in view triggers the Respins bonus. In this case, no winnings will be awarded until the feature has completed. PERSISTENT PRIZE COINS Persistent Prize Coins can land in any position on the reels. Persistent Prize Coins have a number of lives. When the reels are spun, the Persistent Prize Coins remain in place on the reels and their lives are reduced by 1. When the number of lives on a Persistent Prize Coin are reduced to 0, the Persistent Prize Coin will spin off the reels. Persistent Prize Coins have a random cash prize that changes on every paid spin in the main game. They pay alongside normal Prize Coins, and can contribute to triggering the Respins bonus. If a Respins bonus is triggered, any Persistent Prize Coins remain in place with their lives total removed. MULTIPLIER COINS Multiplier Coins can land in any position on the reels. Multiplier Coins multiply the total win of all Prize Coins in view on the reels. Multiplier Coins count as 1 Prize Coin for the purposes of calculating wins or for triggering the Respins bonus. BOOSTING FORTUNES There are 4 dynamic Fortune prizes in this game: BIG, SUPER, MEGA, ULTRA. Fortune symbols can land on any reel. If enough Fortune symbols of the same type land in view on the reels, the Fortune prize on the symbol will be awarded. See the paytable for more information about how many Fortune symbols are needed for each Fortune Prize. If no win is formed, the Fortune prize value will be increased for future spins. This has no effect on game RTP. Fortune prizes will increase by between 0.1 x bet and 1 x bet when this occurs. The fortune prize that is awarded will reset to its starting value. Increasing the value of a Fortune prize does not affect game RTP. Fortune prize values scale with bet changes. Only 1 Fortune prize can be won on any given spin. HOT RESPINS When Respins is triggered, any symbols that are currently in view on the reels are locked in position. All other symbol positions will spin and any new symbols that land in view will be locked in place. The player will have 3 respins. If a new symbol is locked in place, the number of remaining respins will be reset to 3. If 14 reel positions are filled, then the final reel position will either land an empty symbol or the ULTRA Boosting Fortune prize. Persistent Prize Coins and Multiplier Coins can also land in this feature. The cash prizes on Persistent Prize Coins are no longer randomised, and instead their cash prizes will increase on every respin. When the player runs out of respins or if all 15 reel positions are filled, the bonus is over and the cash prizes from all Prize Coin symbols that were locked on the reels will be awarded. This bonus cannot be retriggered. BUY FEATURE The player can buy a guaranteed Respins bonus by landing 5 or more Prize Coins to trigger the feature. This is played at 50x the player’s total bet. RTP: 94.04% Buy Feature can only be activated in the base game. AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open Autoplay, press the AUTOPLAY button (the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle). The player can choose the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number is reached or when the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When Autoplay is active, the AUTOPLAY button becomes a STOP button which displays the number of remaining spins. Press the STOP button to stop Autoplay spins. GAME PANEL Menu - The menu icon expands or collapses the game menu. BALANCE - Displays the player's account balance. BET - Displays the current bet. WIN - Displays the current win Spin Button - Places the bet, spins the reels and starts the game. Autoplay - Displays the autoplay options. Buy Feature - Opens the buy bonus menu. GAME MENU Sounds - Mutes and unmutes the game. Paytable - Displays the paytable, which contains an explanation of the key features in the game and displays the payout for each symbol. Auto Spin - Displays the auto spin options. Press Space To Spin - Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin. Where this is possible, this option allows players to disable the feature. Game History - Displays the last spins with an option to rewatch. Game Rules - Displays the rules of the game. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) RETURN TO PLAYER The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. The overall theoretical return to player is 94.00%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION All changes to Fortune prizes are saved per player and are carried over between every spin and also between bets. They are also carried over from a triggering base game spin into the Respins feature, between every spin in the feature, and back into the base game when the feature ends. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 48 hour/s after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025