Slingos Cosmic Clusters Slingo's Cosmic Clusters The game is played on a 5x4 Reel with a Slingo Grid above. The Grid contains randomly selected numbers from 1-75, with up to 15 numbers available in each of the 5 columns. The Grid and 5x4 Reel contain aliens and numbers. A separate set of Grid numbers are generated for each stake level. These persist for the duration of the game at that stake until Cosmic Spins are activated. After a Cosmic Spins round, a new Grid is displayed for the selected stake level. How to Play Select your stake and press SPIN to play. Aliens and numbers spin in to the 5x4 Reel. 4+ aliens form a Cluster and pay according to the paytable. Numbers matched in the same column on the Reel and Grid will be replaced by aliens. Completed clusters of aliens explode and more symbols spin in. The spin continues until no wins appear. Number Match A number match is when any number on the Reels matches a number in the Grid in the corresponding column above. The matched numbers will highlight. The matched numbers will then disappear and an alien will spawn on the reels and move on to the Grid. All 7 aliens can be spawned via number match Slingo Lines A Slingo is a completed line on the 5x5 Slingo Grid. Slingos are created by having a line of 5 Aliens (dabs) on the Grid. Up to 12 Slingos are available. More than one Slingo can be awarded in a single spin. 12 Slingos is also called a Full House. Each Slingo will award one or more Cosmic Spins. The order of the Slingos achieved does not affect these awards. Slingo Awards Players start the game with 1 Cosmic Spin. The number of current Cosmic Spins is shown in the Cosmic Spins counter. A maximum of 25 Cosmic Spins can be awarded. Cosmic Spins Cosmic Spins Trigger Cosmic Spins are triggered by completing a Cluster of 4+ matching aliens on the Slingo Grid OR achieving a Full House. Any unmatched numbers in the Slingo Grid become Frozen positions. Frozen positions prevent an alien from joining a cluster. Aliens can still cascade through Frozen positions. The Slingo Grid attaches to the 5x4 Reel underneath to become a single 5x9 Cosmic Spins Reel. Cosmic Spins Rules Slingos award up to 25 Cosmic Spins. All Cosmic Spins will be played out on the 5x9 Free Spins Reel. Frozen positions remain frozen throughout Cosmic Spins. All aliens can cluster and cascade as with the Base game. Cosmic Spins Awards Slingos Cosmic Spins Awarded Total Cosmic Spins 0 0 1 1 1 2 2 1 3 3 1 4 4 2 6 5 2 8 6 2 10 7 2 12 8 2 14 9 2 16 10 2 18 12 7 25 Autoplay Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open Autoplay, press the Autoplay button. The player has the option of choosing the number of spins, loss limit and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number has completed, or the loss limit/single win limit is hit. When Autoplay is active, the spin button becomes a stop button which displays the number of spins remaining. To stop Autoplay spins, press the stop button. Game Information Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Aliens and numbers occur on the 5x4 Reel. Aliens and Frozen positions occur on the 5x9 Cosmic Spins Reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 10/11/2023