10000BC Doublemax 10000 BC DOUBLEMAX™ GAME RULES Welcome to 10000 BC DoubleMax™! Get ready for the most mammoth slot in prehistory! QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical return to player is 94.05% Volatility High INTRODUCTION 10000 BC DoubleMax is a 5-reel, 50-line slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Chill out with the giant Woolly Mammoth and win prehistorically huge prizes from the combination of Gigablox and Doublemax features! Feel the earth shake as the Mammoth rams the reels to create dropdowns or shift massive symbols to the left, and win big from Free Spins where the win multiplier doesn’t reset after each spin! HOW TO PLAY? The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right along 50 paylines. Wins are evaluated consecutively on a payline, starting from leftmost reel. DOUBLEMAX™ Winning symbols disappear from the reels, leaving room for new symbols to drop into their place. Every time this happens, a wild is added to a random position in view (either within a gap or replacing another symbol) before the rest of the slot positions are refilled. If all or part of a Gigablox symbol is involved in a win, the entire Gigablox symbol will disappear. Every win doubles the total win multiplier. The multiplier is reset when no win is formed in the base game. In Free Spins, the multiplier does not reset until the end of the feature. GIGABLOX™ Gigablox are oversized symbols on the reels that function like inidual symbols in a 2x2 or 3x3 formation. Wild and Scatter symbols can land as Gigablox. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. Wilds have no payout and can appear on any reel. As Wilds have no payout, if a line has a potential win of Wilds, the Wilds will always combine with other symbols to form wins. If the line is made up of only Wilds, then no payout is paid. FREE SPINS SCATTER 3 or more Free Spins Scatters will award Free Spins. Free Spins Scatters can land on any reel or as part of a Gigablox. MAMMOTH EXPLODE FEATURE On any random losing spin, the Mammoth can hit the reels to destroy reel symbols. This will cause new symbols to drop into place and guarantee a win. When this occurs, the win multiplier will also increase. MAMMOTH SHUFFLE FEATURE On any random spin where no win is formed, the Mammoth can hit the reels to push the rightmost reel all the way to the left and guarantee a win. On subsequent dropdowns, this reel will move 1 position at a time back to the right. FREE SPINS 3 or more Free Spins Scatters will award Free Spins. During Free Spins, the win multiplier will not reset after each spin, and your multiplier will continue to increase after every winning combination during the feature. Free spins can not be retriggered. Free spins are played with the same paylines and bet of the triggering spin. GOLDEN BET Players can pay 25% extra to double their chances of hitting Free Spins. Golden Bet can only be activated in the base game. RTP: 93.99% BUY FEATURE Playing Buy Feature will trigger a Free Spins feature. Buy Feature is played at 100 x the player’s total bet. Buy Feature can only be activated in the base game. RTP: 94.00% HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the dynamic paytable. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. If a multiplier was activated, multiply the winning combination by the awarded multiplier. The above doesn't include Free Spin Scatters which do not need to be on a payline to award a bonus. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open Autoplay, press the AUTOPLAY button (the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle). The player can choose the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number is reached or when the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When Autoplay is active, the AUTOPLAY button becomes a STOP button which displays the number of remaining spins. Press the STOP button to stop Autoplay spins. GAME PANEL Menu - The menu icon expands or collapses the game menu. BALANCE - Displays the player's account balance. WIN - Displays the current win Spin Button - Places the bet, spins the reels and starts the game.(Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin) Golden Bet - Activates/deactivates the Golden bet. Autoplay - Displays the autoplay options. Buy Feature - Opens the buy bonus menu. GAME MENU Sounds - Mutes and unmutes the game. Paytable - Displays the paytable, which contains an explanation of the key features in the game and displays the payout for each symbol. Auto Spin - Displays the auto spin options. Press Space To Spin - Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin. Where this is possible, this option allows players to disable the feature. Game History - Displays the last spins with an option to rewatch. Game Rules - Displays the rules of the game. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) RETURN TO PLAYER The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. The overall theoretical return to player is 94.05% RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 48 hour/s after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is a translation of the original game rules. In case of a discrepancy between the English and this language version, the English version prevails. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/24/2025