1K Yeti 1K YETI™ GAME RULES Welcome to 1k YETI! Return to Mount Everest in this epic adventure slot, featuring 40 paylines and Yeti Rush Free Spins! RTP The overall theoretical RTP (return to player) is 95.00% INTRODUCTION 1k YETI is a 5-reel, 40-line slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. 1k Yeti features mountainous wins up to 1000x! Win Yeti Rush Free Spins featuring a Stacked Wild that moves on every spin! HOW TO PLAY The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right along 40 paylines, starting with the leftmost reel. In BIG REEL Portrait Mode™, wins pay from top to bottom, starting with the top reel. SYMBOLS Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. Free Spins Scatter 3 or more Free Spins Scatters will award Free Spins. These scatters can land on any reel. The number of spins you win will be determined by the number of Scatters that land in view on the reels. YETI RUSH FREE SPINS During Free Spins, one reel will be covered by a stacked wild symbol, which acts as 1 wild symbol in each of the 3 reel positions. On the first spin in the bonus, the stacked wild symbol will cover reel 5. On each subsequent spin, the stacked wild symbol will move 1 reel to the left. If the stacked wild symbol is on reel 1 and there is at least one more free spin remaining, it will move back to reel 5. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together.To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If 3 or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the paytable. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. If a multiplier was activated, multiply the winning combination by the awarded multiplier. The above doesn't include Free Spin Scatter symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award Free Spins. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. GAME PANEL Menu - The menu icon expands or collapses the game menu. BALANCE - Displays the player's account balance. BET - Displays the current bet. WIN - Displays the current win. Spin Button - Places the bet, spins the reels and starts the game. GAME MENU Sounds - Mutes and unmutes the game. Paytable - Displays the paytable, which contains an explanation of the key features in the game and displays the payout for each symbol. Press Space To Spin - Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin. Where this is possible, this option allows players to disable the feature. Game History - Displays the last spins with an option to rewatch. Game Rules - Displays the rules of the game. RETURN TO PLAYER The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. The overall theoretical RTP (return to player) is 95.00%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 3.00 hour/s after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is a translation of the original game rules. In case of a discrepancy between the English and this language version, the English version prevails. Last modification date: 2/14/2024