Slingo Honey Crew Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. BLOCKER Blocker symbols do nothing. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Slingo Honey Crew Bonus Features There are 4 Bonus Features available in Slingo Honey Crew. Each Bonus has a Standard and Gold version. Bonus Upgrades of Standard Bonuses go to the next Standard Bonus. Bonus Upgrades of Gold Bonuses go to the next Gold Bonus. Standard Bonuses Bee Seeing You 4 Slingos awards the Bee Seeing You Bonus. The Bonus displays 3 picks. Pick to reveal a cash prize or a Key Card. If a cash prize is revealed, the prize is awarded and the Bonus ends. If a Key Card is revealed, the Frickin' Lasers Bonus is awarded. The minimum prize multiplier is 0.5X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 8X the initial game stake. Frickin' Lasers 6 Slingos awards the Frickin' Lasers Bonus. The Bonus displays 7 picks. The 1st pick awards cash. Picks 2-6 reveal a cash prize or a Bee. If a Bee is revealed, all accumulated prizes are awarded and the Bonus ends. The 7th pick awards a Mystery Pot. The Mystery Pot awards a 2X multiplier, a cash award or a Key Card. The 2X multiplier doubles the current prize values and ends the Bonus. The cash award can be up to 1000X the initial game stake and ends the Bonus. The Key Card awards the Shark Infested Honey Bonus. The minimum prize multiplier is 0.5X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 1000X the initial game stake. Shark Infested Honey 8 Slingos awards the Shark Infested Honey Bonus. The Bonus displays 7 picks. All 7 picks can reveal cash prizes, a multiplier and a Bee. Each pick will award up to 8 cash prizes. If a multiplier is revealed, it is applied to all displayed prizes. All prizes are added to the Total Win. If a Bee is revealed, the Total Win is awarded and the Bonus ends. The 7th pick also awards a Mystery Pot. The Mystery Pot awards a cash award or a Key Card. The cash award can be up to 1000X the initial game stake and ends the Bonus. The Key Card awards the Bee Safe, Not Sorry! Bonus. The minimum prize multiplier is 0.5X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 1000X the initial game stake. Bee Safe, Not Sorry! 10 Slingos awards the Bee Safe, Not Sorry! Bonus. The Bonus displays a pyramid of Safes. The Mystery Pot sits at the top of the pyramid. Starting from the bottom row, select a Safe to reveal a cash prize, Dynamite or a Bee. If a cash prize is revealed, another pick is awarded on the same row. If a cash prize and Dynamite is revealed, all remaining Safes on the row open, award cash prizes and the next level unlocks. If a cash prize and a Bee is revealed, the cash prize is awarded and the Bonus ends. Dynamite cannot be revealed on the last pick of each row. On level 4, revealing Dynamite opens the remaining Safe, awards cash and the Mystery Pot. The Mystery Pot awards a cash prize up to 1000X initial game stake. The minimum prize multiplier is 10X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 1000X the initial game stake. Gold Bonuses Bee Seeing You Gold 5 Slingos awards the Bee Seeing You Gold Bonus. The Bonus displays 3 picks. Pick to reveal a cash prize or a Key Card. If a cash prize is revealed, the prize is awarded and the Bonus ends. If a Key Card is revealed, the Frickin' Lasers Gold Bonus is awarded. The minimum prize multiplier is 1.5X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 15X the initial game stake. Frickin' Lasers Gold 7 Slingos awards the Frickin' Lasers Gold Bonus. The Bonus displays 7 picks. The 1st pick awards cash. Picks 2-6 reveal a cash prize or a Bee. If a Bee is revealed, all accumulated prizes are awarded and the Bonus ends. The 7th pick awards a Mystery Pot. The Mystery Pot awards a 2X multiplier, a cash award or a Key Card. The 2X multiplier doubles the current prize values and ends the Bonus. The cash award can be up to 1000X the initial game stake and ends the Bonus. The Key Card awards the Shark Infested Honey Gold Bonus. The minimum prize multiplier is 0.5X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 1000X the initial game stake. Shark Infested Honey Gold 9 Slingos awards the Shark Infested Honey Gold Bonus. The Bonus displays 7 picks. All 7 picks can reveal cash prizes, a multiplier and a Bee. Each pick will award up to 8 cash prizes. If a multiplier is revealed, it is applied to all 8 prizes. All prizes are added to the Total Win. If a Bee is revealed, the Total Win is awarded and the Bonus ends. The 7th pick also awards a Mystery Pot. The Mystery Pot awards a cash award or a Key Card. The cash award can be up to 1000X the initial game stake and ends the Bonus. The Key Card awards the Bee Safe, Not Sorry! Gold Bonus. The minimum prize multiplier is 1X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 1000X the initial game stake. Bee Safe, Not Sorry! Gold 12 Slingos awards the Bee Safe, Not Sorry! Gold Bonus. The Bonus displays a pyramid of Safes. A mystery pot sits at the top of the pyramid. Starting from the bottom row, select a Safe to reveal a cash prize, Dynamite or a Bee. If a cash prize is revealed, another pick is awarded on the same row. If a cash prize and Dynamite is revealed, all remaining Safes on the row open, award cash prizes and the next level unlocks. If a cash prize and a Bee is revealed, the cash prize is awarded and the Bonus ends. Dynamite cannot be revealed on the last pick of each row. On level 4, revealing Dynamite opens the remaining Safe, awards cash and the Mystery Pot. The Mystery Pot awards a cash prize up to 1000X initial game stake. The minimum prize multiplier is 20X the initial game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 1000X the initial game stake. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.17%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.94%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 5/29/2025