Barnyard Bash: Chicken Chase Yee-hah! Chase the chickens around the farmyard, collect the multi-coloured eggs and unlock the prizes! All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right, except Bonus symbols which are awarded anywhere on screen! Chicken Chase Eggs Feature Every spin, each of the uniquely coloured Eggs (Purple, Red, Green) have a chance of activating their corresponding feature: Egg-stra spins (Purple) awards up to 9 Bonus Spins Chicken Trail (Red) activates the bonus feature Instant Prize (Green) awards a multiplier prize up to x30 Instant Prize award is multiplied by total bet. Chicken Trail Bonus Chicken Trail can be activated by Red Egg symbols landing anywhere on screen. Once activated, each spin can move our plucky chicken up to 6 spaces. Spaces have the following actions when landed on: Multiplier space adds that prize to the total award. Golden Eggs triggers 3 eggs, each offering a mystery prize. Fox-in-the-Bush ends the feature, accumulated prizes are awarded. Reach lap 2 and all Chicken Trail + Golden Egg prizes are doubled (x2). Reach lap 3 and all Chicken Trail prizes are tripled (x3). In addition on lap 3, Golden Egg prizes are quadrupled (x4). The feature has a 3 lap limit. Chicken Trail final prize is multiplied by total bet. Wild Symbols WILD symbols will substitute for the highest paying symbol combination. WILDs will not substitute for Bonus symbols. WILD symbol wins are multiplied by unit bet staked-per line. 5 awards x250 4 awards x100 3 awards x80 Bonus Spins During Bonus Spins play, 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on screen will activate a picker displaying 3 Eggs. Picked egg can award one of: Up to 5 additional Bonus Spins Instant prize up to x300 All Bonus Spins are locked to the last bet amount played. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. Only the highest win is paid on each winline. Winlines are locked to 20 lines. Reel wins are multiplied by unit bet-staked per line. OTHER INFORMATION Autoplay (only available in some jurisdictions) allows automatic consecutive normal gameplays for a specific selected amount of spins. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 24 hours/s after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. This game includes visual elements that change as you play. These elements are for entertainment purposes only and do not influence the outcome of the game. Each spin is independent, and the results are determined by a random number generator (RNG). Visual changes do not affect the game's Return to Player (RTP). Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical Return to Player is: 94% Last modification date: 1/20/2026