9K Yeti Welcome to 9K Yeti – it’s time to ascend Everest in this epic adventure slot! QUICK FACTS RTP 95.0% Max Win 9,012x bet Max Free Spins 880 Volatility High Average Spins To Win Any Win: 5.2 Big Win (15x): 79 Free Spins Bonus Win: 152 Epic Win (x100):1114 INTRODUCTION 9K Yeti is a 6-reel 4,096 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Ways removes paylines making it easier to see where the win is. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. 9K Yeti features mountainous wins, retriggering Snowstorm Free Spins as well as 4ThePlayer’s unique BIG REEL Portrait Mode™. HOW TO PLAY The player chooses their bet amount using the + and – symbols above or below the spin button. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the spin button – the largest button with 4 arrows. If playing on PC and If enabled from the game options menu the space bar can be used to spin. When the spin stops, winning symbols are raised above the reels. Wins pay from left to right apart from in the BIG REEL Portrait Mode™ where a win pays from top to bottom. BIG REEL Portrait Mode™ When playing on mobile in portrait, the player has the option of playing classic small reels or BIG REEL Portrait Mode™. This option enlarges the reels, stacks them on top of each other and spins them right to left and pays top to bottom. This maximises the visual experience on the mobile without changing the game experience. This mode is only available in portrait mobile play, payouts and game features are unchanged. SYMBOLS Free Spins Footprints Scatter 3 or more Footprints Scatters, on any reel will trigger the Free Spins bonus with Snowstorm feature. Scatters do not need to be on consecutive reels. Everest Wild The Everest Wild symbol substitutes every symbol other than the Footprints Scatter. Yeti The Yeti is the top paying symbol. SNOWSTORM FREE SPINS BONUS Snowstorm Free Spins are triggered by three or more Footprint Scatters on any reel. The bet for the Free Spins will be set at the value that the Free Spins were triggered. The number of Footprint Scatters determines the number of free spins awarded: 6 Footprints scatters = 88 free spins 5 Footprints scatters = 40 free spins 4 Footprints scatters = 15 free spins 3 Footprints scatters = 8 free spins During Free Spins, Footprint Scatters can retrigger to award extra free spins. 6 Footprints scatters = 50 extra free spins 5 Footprints scatters = 15 extra free spins 4 Footprints scatters = 8 extra free spins 3 Footprints scatters = 5 extra free spins The maximum number of free spins is 880 – this can be achieved by repeatedly retriggering the Free Spins in the Free Spins bonus. During Free Spins any spin with no win that contains both the Yeti and Everest Wild symbols, will trigger the Snowstorm feature. Snowstorm Feature A snowstorm will lift one or more Yeti and Wild symbols from the reels and shuffle them with other symbols, placing them down into a guaranteed winning position and turning a non-winning spin into a win! HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 4,096 WAYS To calculate the total Ways win, add all the symbol wins together. All way wins are summed together after the spin. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the leftmost reel. If the number of consecutive reels containing the symbol is 3 or greater counting from the left find the corresponding win amount in the pay table.If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the total multiplier is counted as follows: 2*3*2=12 (total multiplier). GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Space to Spin – Available on PC only, if enabled the player can press space to spin History – To see game history Help – Opens this help GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails. If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. GAME PANEL Balance – Displays the player’s account balance Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step Bet – Displays the current Bet amount Plus and Minus buttons – Increases and Decreases the bet size Spin Button – Starts the game (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certain random number generator. For more information, visit https://www.4thplayer.com/contact ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after the interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 11/1/2022