4 Fantastic Lobsters Welcome to 4 Fantastic Lobsters! Crack open the most claw-some wins! QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical RTP (return to player) is 94% Volatility High INTRODUCTION 4 FANTASTIC LOBSTERS™ is a 6x4 4,096 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Ways removes paylines making it easier to see where the win is. Land Lobster symbols as a Way Win to be awarded their cash prizes! Reel in the Respin Bonus and net as many Lobster symbols as you can – watch out for the shark who will collect and multiply your wins! Will you get a helping hand from the squid as it swaps Lobsters to create more wins, or from the Crab symbols that will scuttle onto the reels to create or improve wins? Catch the tastiest Lobsters in the Pick-A-Win bonus, and watch out for 1 of 4 Giant Lobster prizes in the base game or the bonuses! HOW TO PLAY The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. In the BIG REEL Portrait Mode™, wins pay from top to bottom. MONEY WAYS Lobster symbols can land in view on any reel. Lobster symbols land with cash prizes attached to them, and can win as per any other normal way win, on adjacent reels from left to right starting with the first reel. When a win occurs, any Lobster symbols involved in the win will award the total prize shown on the symbol. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. The Wild symbol can appear on any reel, but cannot appear on the first 2 reels simultaneously. RESPIN SCATTER 3 Respin scatters in view will award the Respin Bonus. These scatters can land on any reel. PICK-A-WIN SCATTER 3 or more Pick-A-Win scatters in view will award the Pick-A-Win Bonus. You will win the same number of picks as scatters that triggered the bonus. These scatters can land on any reel. BIG LOBSTER PRIZES Big Lobster Prizes can land on reel 6. They will award one of 4 large prizes if they are involved in a Lobster symbol way win. RESPIN BONUS 3 Respin scatters in view will award the Respin Bonus. Each reel that a scatter lands on will be open; all other reels will be closed. Any Lobster symbols that land on the triggering spin will be locked on the reels, regardless of whether they land on a reel that is open or closed. All symbol positions will spin and any new Lobster symbols that land on open reels will be locked in place and their cash prize awarded. Lobster symbols that land on closed reels will not be locked. If a Respin scatter lands on a closed reel, that reel will be opened for subsequent respins. Respin scatters cannot land on already open reels. The player will have 3 respins. If a new Lobster symbol is locked in place or a Respin scatter opens up a closed reel on a respin, the number of remaining respins will be reset to 3. When the player runs out of respins, the bonus is over. SHARK FEATURE If an open reel is completely filled with locked Lobster symbols, a shark will swim up that reel and collect the cash prizes from all of the Lobster symbols. The total prize will be multiplied by 2x and held in the top position of the reel; the other reel positions will then be reopened for new Lobster symbols to land in. ULTRA (10000X) Big Lobster Prizes cannot be eaten by the Shark. CRAB CASH PRIZES On any spin, Crab symbols might appear: MAIN GAME CAN SCUTTLE SIDEWAYS ONTO THE REELS TO CREATE OR IMPROVE EXISTING WINS WITH LOBSTER SYMBOLS! RESPIN BONUS MOVES SIDEWAYS TO LOCK ON OPEN REELS! GIANT SQUID BONUS The Giant Squid can appear on any spin. MAIN GAME The Squid might swap symbols to create or improve a Lobster symbol win. RESPIN BONUS The Squid might move a Lobster symbol from a closed reel to an open reel to lock it in place. PICK-A-WIN BONUS 3 or more Pick-A-Win scatters in view will award the Pick-A-Win Bonus. You will win the same number of picks as scatters that triggered the bonus. You will be presented with a number of pickable objects. Each object contains a cash prize. Tapping any of the objects picks it and reveals its prize, which is then added to your total win. When you have run out of picks, the feature will end. BUY FEATURE You can buy 1 of 3 features to instantly trigger that feature: - RESPIN BONUS: This will trigger the Respin bonus directly. - PICK-A-WIN BONUS: This will spin and land with 3-6 guaranteed scatters for the pick-a-win bonus. - CRAB FEATURE: A single spin guaranteed to trigger a win with Crab Cash Prizes. Buy Feature can only be activated in the base game. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 4096 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier For example, if the first column contains 2 symbols, second column 3 symbols and third column 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2*3*2=12. Autoplay Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open autoplay, press the autoplay button – the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle. The player has the option of choosing the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number has completed or the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When the autoplay is active, the spin button becomes a stop button which displays the number of spins remaining. To stop autoplay spins, press the stop button. GAME MENU Sounds - Mutes and unmutes the game. Paytable - Displays the paytable, which contains an explanation of the key features in the game and displays the payout for each symbol. Auto Spin - Displays the auto spin options. Press Space To Spin - Players can use the space bar on desktop in some markets to spin. Where this is possible, this option allows players to disable the feature. Game History - Displays the last spins with an option to rewatch. Game Rules - Displays the rules of the game. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) RTP (RETURN TO PLAYER) The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. The overall theoretical RTP (return to player) is 94% RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 24 hour(s) after interruption. After that time, any winnings from the interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is a translation of the original game rules. In case of a discrepancy between the English and this language version, the English version prevails. Last modification date: 1/24/2024