Slingo Luck McGold Slingo Lucky McGold Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 11 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Free Spin Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. Blocker Blocker symbols do nothing. Slingo Scatter A combination of 3, 4 or 5 Wild or Super Wild symbols anywhere on the Reel awards a Scatter win. 3 Scatters award 0.5X the initial game stake. 4 Scatters award 2X the initial game stake. 5 Scatters award 5X the initial game stake. Scatter wins pay the highest prize awarded only. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to Slingo wins. Instant Cash Instant Cash symbols award 0.1X the initial game stake. Instant Cash wins are awarded in addition to Slingo wins. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules Blocker symbols appear on the centre reel only. Instant Cash symbols appear on the centre reel only. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.34%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 95.50%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited Last modification date: 4/29/2025