Slingo Journey to Asgard Slingo Journey to Asgard Slingo Basics How to Play Select your stake and press SPIN to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allows you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Free Spin Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. BLOCKER Blocker symbols do nothing. Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. You Could Win The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted. Press collect to end the game. Journey to Asgard Bonus Features The Treasury 3 Chests are displayed. Pick a Chest to reveal a prize. The minimum prize multiplier is 3X the base game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 50X the base game stake. Trials of Treasure There are a maximum of 4 Bonus levels. Each level consists of 50 coins. The coins spin and reveal either a prize or a blank value. Prizes are added to the win meter. Blank coins do not award. Once all prizes are collected, a large coin appears and spins. Pressing the coin stops the coin spinning. If the large coin displays Continue, the Bonus continues to the next level. If the large coin displays Collect, the Bonus ends and the total in the win meter is awarded. At level 1 all individual prizes awarded are 0.5X the base game stake. At level 2 all individual prizes awarded are 1X the base game stake. At level 3 all individual prizes awarded are 2X the base game stake. At level 4 the minimum prize multiplier is 5X the base game stake. At level 4 the maximum prize multiplier is 10X the base game stake. Realm of Runes 24 Rune stones are presented. The Bonus starts with 3 picks. Each Rune Stone selected explodes to reveal a prize. As a Rune Stone explodes it may produce lightning, exploding additional Rune Stones. The bonus is complete when all picks are depleted. If all 24 Rune Stones are revealed with 2 Picks remaining, then the accumulated prize is multiplied by 3. If all 24 Rune Stones are revealed with 1 Pick remaining, then the accumulated prize is multiplied by 2. The minimum Rune Stone prize multiplier is 1X the base game stake. The maximum Rune Stone prize multiplier is 5X the base game stake. Golden Rune Realms 24 Rune stones are presented. The Bonus starts with 4 picks. Each Rune Stone selected explodes to reveal a prize. As a Rune Stone explodes it may produce lightning, exploding additional Rune Stones. The bonus is complete when all picks are depleted. If all 24 Rune Stones are revealed with 3 Picks remaining, then the accumulated prize is multiplied by 4. If all 24 Rune Stones are revealed with 2 Picks remaining, then the accumulated prize is multiplied by 3. If all 24 Rune Stones are revealed with 1 Pick remaining, then the accumulated prize is multiplied by 2. The minimum Rune Stone prize multiplier is 1X the base game stake. The maximum Rune Stone prize multiplier is 5X the base game stake. Serpent's Saga Each step on the trail displays a prize. Spin the Wheel to play. If the Wheel lands on a number, the player advances that allocated number of steps on the trail. If the Wheel lands on the Swords, the Bonus ends and the current multiplier is awarded. The minimum prize multiplier is 7X the base game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 500X the base game stake. Valkyrie's Victory Each step on the trail displays a prize. Spin the Wheel to play. If the Wheel lands on a number, the player advances that allocated number of steps on the trail. If the Wheel lands on the Swords, the Bonus ends and the current multiplier is awarded. The minimum prize multiplier is 14X the base game stake. The maximum prize multiplier is 1000X the base game stake. Crystal Quest 5 Crystals with multipliers spin around the Valkyrie. Press Stop to win a prize. The minimum multiplier is 50X selected game stake. The maximum multiplier is 1000X selected game stake. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Free Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 93.91%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.02%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 48 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 3/20/2025