Slingo Red Hot Red Hot Slingo Red Hot Slingo is a mix of slots and bingo Move up the pay ladder by completing slingos Win cash by matching slot symbols on the reel Select your stake and press START game to continue Complete slingos to move up the pay ladder You have 5 spins to match numbers on the reel with the grid Matching 3 or more of the same slot symbol on a win line from the leftmost reel awards a cash prize Wilds Allow You To Mark Any Number In The Column Above And Substitute For Any Slot Symbols Except Scatter Super Wilds also Allow You to Substitute For Any Slot Symbols Except Scatter And Allow You To Mark Any Number On The Grid Free Spin Symbols Add An Additional Spin Scatter symbols pay for 3 or more anywhere in view Blocker symbols do nothing Slot Win Lines Only the highest win per line is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from leftmost to right. Malfunction voids pays and play Extra Spins Extra Spins Are Available After Each Game The Price Of Each Spin Is Dependent On The Grid Position And Potential Prizes Prices May Be In Excess Of Your Base Stake The Price For The Next Spin Is Shown On The Spin Button You Can Control Extra Spin Limits In Play Controls Collect Or Buy More Spins Slingo Lines There are 12 Win Lines And 11 Awards On The Paytable Because The Last Number On The Grid Will Always Award At Least 2 Winning Lines Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of wilds and super wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to a slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Play Controls Play Controls Can Be Selected From The Menu Set The Maximum Number Of Extra Spins To Be Offered Set the Maximum Price To Be Offered As An Extra Spin Set The Maximum Stake For Any Single Game Set The Maximum Loss For Any Single Game The Game Will Automatically End If Any Of The Set Limits Are Reached General Based on best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 96.34% Based on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95.44% In Extra Spins Some Potential Prizes May Require Super Wilds Extra spins are only offered if a win spin is achievable on the next spin Extra spin prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may affect RTP especially at lower stakes Free Spin Symbols Are Removed From The Reels In Extra Spins Malfunction voids all pays and plays Free Games If a player is awarded a free game Red Hot Slingo they will be able to play the base game for free at a predefined staking value. When the base game is completed, the winnings accrued by completing horizontal, vertical or diagonal slingos or other special symbol bonuses will be displayed to the player and collected. For the avoidance of doubt, the free game is considered as a bonus cash stake. Pending Games Incomplete Games Will Be Automatically Completed 3 Hours After Launch. Any Remaining Spins Will Be Played Out With A Random Number Generator Used To Make Any Player Decisions. Any Winnings Will Be Automatically Credited. Last modification date: 10/8/2025