Slingo Lucky Joker Slingo Lucky Joker is the fast-paced game where slots meets bingo with big cash prizes available. Bonus Slot At the end of a game the Bonus Slot plays all awarded spins. Bonus Slot spins are awarded when 3 Bonus Slot symbols land in a single spin or are awarded on the Slingo prize ladder and/or the Bonus Wheel. The Wild Joker symbol may only appear on the 3 central reels. When a Wild Joker symbol lands, it expands to fill the entire reel before wins are calculated. Minimum win on the Bonus slot is x5 the line stake. Maximum win on the Bonus slot is x100 base stake. Symbol Payouts Line pay combinations are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are paid in addition to other wins. If one or more Wild Joker symbols participates in a win, then that win is doubled. Slingo Win Lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of wilds and super wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most Slingos (win lines). For example, the centre square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. General Rules Based on the best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 94.27%. Based on the best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 94.00%. Free spins symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Extra spins are only offered if a bonus is achievable on the next spin. Extra spin prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may affect the RTP, especially at lower stakes. Malfunction voids all pay and play. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 6/28/2023