Slingo Pop How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 8 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Any matched numbers, WILDs or SUPER WILDs on the reel pop after the dab and a new symbol cascades in. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. Free Spin Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. Blocker Blocker symbols do nothing. Scatter Win A combination of 3, 4 or 5 Wild or Super Wild symbols anywhere on the reel awards a Scatter win. 3 Scatters awards 4X the base game stake. 4 Scatters awards 50X the base game stake. 5 Scatters awards 1000X the base game stake. Only the highest winning combination is paid per Scatter win. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to Slingo wins Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. You can control extra spin limits in play controls. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. SuperSpin Wheel If the cost of an extra spin exceeds 2, the spin button will be replaced with a SuperSpin Wheel. The SuperSpin Wheel spin will always cost 2. If the arrow stops in the green section of the wheel, a spin of the Slingo reel is achieved. The chance of success on the Slingo reel is not affected by the SuperSpin Wheel. If a prize has been awarded the Collect button is available alongside the SuperSpin button.If a prize has not been awarded the End Game button is available alongside the SuperSpin button. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Free Spin symbols award an additional spin. Extra spins are available after each game. Malfunction voids pays and plays. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 3 hours after launch Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 1/22/2025