4 Secret Pyramids QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical RTP (return to player) is 95.00% The average RTP (theoretical return to player) is 95.00% The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. Max Win The maximum simulated win is 54510x bet and it happened 1 in 7,997,352,356 game rounds. The overall theoretical Max Win is 55,000x. Volatility High Average best win after 100 spins All players 1 in 10 players 1 in 100 players 1 in 1000 players 53x Bet 190x Bet 535x Bet 1332x Bet INTRODUCTION 4 SECRET PYRAMIDS™ is a 5x4 1,024 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Ways removes paylines making it easier to see where the win is. 4 Secret Pyramids features BONUS↑UP, where your next bonus can be improved while you play the main game. Work your way along the trail – choose your path, find a shortcut, or gamble your way up towards the biggest bonuses! Improve your bonus with Extra Bonus and Double Bonus bets! The game also features 4ThePlayer’s unique BIG REEL Portrait Mode™. HOW TO PLAY The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. In the BIG REEL Portrait Mode™, wins pay from top to bottom. BIG REEL Portrait Mode™ When playing on mobile in portrait, the player has the option of playing classic small reels or BIG REEL Portrait Mode™. This option enlarges the reels, stacks them on top of each other and spins them right to left and pays top to bottom. This maximizes the visual experience on the mobile without changing the game experience. This mode is only available in portrait mobile play, payouts and game features are unchanged. SYMBOLS Free Spins Scatter Free Spins Scatters on reels 1, 3, & 5 will award the Free Spins bonus. Free Spins Scatters on only reels 1 & 3 award either: Cash Prize up to 50x bet. (1x-50x) Progression to the next location. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. BONUS↑UP As the game is played, the bonus prizes will improve. Discover 4 mysterious locations with multiple prize levels: 1 - Desert Pyramid 2 - Canyon Pyramid 3 - Lake Pyramid 4 - Golden Pyramid Progression to the next location can be won by selecting scatters. Depending on your position on the map, you may have the opportunity to choose your next location, or one may be chosen at random. Clicking on the bonus top prizes panel will show the player’s progress. After a Free Spins bonus has been played, the player’s location will be reset to the Desert Pyramid. The Desert Pyramid has the best bonus chance. BONUS↑UP progress is stored between play sessions. RTP is same for all locations. No RTP is stored for later prizes. FREE SPINS BONUS Free Spins Scatters on reels 1, 3, & 5 will award the Free Spins bonus. The bet for the Free Spins bonus will be set at the value that the Free Spins bonus was triggered. When the bonus is triggered, you will have the opportunity to gamble to move to a better prize level. The chance of you winning the gamble will be presented as a coloured area on the arrow on the screen. Winning the gamble will move you up to the next better prize level; losing will move you down to the previous prize level. Losing the gamble on the first prize level will end the bonus. You cannot gamble on the last prize level. Press GAMBLE to gamble; press TAKE BONUS to start the bonus on the current prize level. This will take you to the Pyramid Pick round. In the Pyramid Pick round, select 1 block from each row, starting with the bottom row. Selecting a block will reveal 1 of the following: A number of Free Spins. A Free Spins win multiplier - every Free Spins win will be multiplied by this. A symbol - this symbol will appear super stacked on the reels. X - ends the picks and begins Free Spins. The top prizes in the Pyramid Pick will be determined by the player’s progress in the BONUS↑UP feature. If you have the DOUBLE BONUS BET active, you will be given a choice of doubling the number of Free Spins you have won or doubling your win multiplier during Free Spins. In Free Spins, Scatters on reels 1 & 3 will award 5-10 extra Free Spins. The player will pick a Scatter to determine how many spins are won. EXTRA BETS There are 2 extra bets available: EXTRA BONUS BET: increases your chance of triggering Free Spins. DOUBLE BONUS BET: Doubles the number of Free Spins you win or your win multiplier during Free Spins. Switching on either or both of these bets will increase your bet. They do not affect the game RTP. Switching on either of these Extra Bets will increase your bet by 25%, or switching on both will increase your bet by 50%. They do not affect the game RTP. BUY FEATURE Buy Feature will trigger a Free Spins feature. The player can choose from 4 pyramids to play. The player’s BONUS↑UP progress for the normal game will be retained. Buy Feature can only be activated in the base game. When playing Buy Feature, the RTP of the game is 95.00%. When playing Buy Feature, the RTP of the game is 90.48%. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 1024 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first column contains 2 symbols, second column 3 symbols and third column 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2*3*2=12. Only the highest win per way is paid. AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open autoplay, press the autoplay button – the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle. The player has the option of choosing the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number has completed or the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When the autoplay is active, the spin button becomes a stop button which displays the number of spins remaining. To stop autoplay spins, press the stop button. GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Autoplay – To access the Autoplay menu. Space to Spin – Available on PC only, if enabled the player can press space to spin History – To see game history Game Rules – Opens this game rules GENERAL INFORMATION The minimum bet in this game is $0.20 and the maximum bet is $100.00. There is a winning cap amount of 140,000 € (or currency equivalent) set in the game. The English language version of the game rules prevails. If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 48.00 hour/s after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. This game features a win cap of 55000x the bet made for the game round. ENGLISH TERM TRANSLATION WILD WILD FREE SPINS / FS FREE SPINS / FS LAST FREE SPIN LAST FREE SPIN WIN UP TO WIN UP TO BUY FEATURE BUY FEATURE CONGRATULATIONS CONGRATULATIONS YOU WON YOU WON BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA BIG WIN MEGA BIG WIN EPIC BIG WIN EPIC BIG WIN 5 OF A KIND 5 OF A KIND WIN FREQUENCY WIN FREQUENCY ANY ANY BIG BIG BONUS BONUS EPIC EPIC X2 BONUS X2 BONUS XTRA BONUS XTRA BONUS 95.00% RTP FOR ALL LOCATIONS 95.00% RTP FOR ALL LOCATIONS Last modification date: 6/7/2024