4 Fantastic Fish In Egypt 4 Fantastic Fish in Egypt - Help Welcome to 4 Fantastic Fish in Egypt! Can you catch the biggest fish in the Nile and unlock the secrets of the Sarcophagus for massive prizes? QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical return to player is 94%. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. Volatility Very High INTRODUCTION 4 Fantastic Fish in Egypt is a 6-reel, 4,096 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Ways slots remove paylines to make it easier to see the wins. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. HOW TO PLAY? The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. CASH WAYS Fish symbols land with cash prizes attached to them. If they land on 3 or more adjacent reels from left to right starting on reel 1, then they win. When a win occurs, any Fish symbols involved in the win will award the total prize shown on the symbol. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. Wild symbols can not appear on reel 1. RESPIN SCATTER 3 or more Respin scatters in view will award the Respin Bonus. Respin scatters can land on any reel. SARCOPHAGUS SCATTER Sarcophagus scatters in the base game collect all cash prizes attached to Fish symbols and award them, regardless of whether or not they are involved in a Cash Ways win. In the Respin Bonus, the Sarcophagus scatter can have multiple effects. BIG GAME FISH Big Game Fish can land on reel 6. They will award one of 4 large Big Game Fish prizes if they are involved in a Fish symbol way win. RESPIN BONUS 3 or more Respin scatters in view will award the Respin Bonus. Each reel that a scatter lands on will be open; all other reels will be closed. Any Fish symbols that land on the triggering spin will be locked on the reels, if they land on an open reel. All symbol positions will spin and any new Fish symbols that land on open reels will be locked in place. Fish symbols that land on closed reels will not be locked. If a Respin scatter lands on a closed reel, that reel will be opened for subsequent respins. Respin scatters cannot land on already open reels. The player will have 3 respins. If a new Fish symbol is locked in place or a Respin scatter opens up a closed reel on a respin, the number of remaining respins will be reset to 3. When the player runs out of respins, the bonus is over and the cash prizes from all Fish symbols that were locked to open reels will be awarded. SHARK FEATURE If an open reel is completely filled with locked Fish symbols, a shark will swim up that reel and collect the cash prizes from all of the Fish symbols. The total prize will be multiplied by 2x and held in the top position of the reel; the other reel positions will then be reopened for new Fish symbols to land in. ULTRA (10000X) Big Game Fish cannot be eaten by the Shark. SARCOPHAGUS SCATTER During any respin, a Sarcophagus Scatter symbol may land in view. The Sarcophagus will open and reveal one of the following: Squid Icon: Triggers the Giant Squid Feature, which will swap any cash values that have landed on closed reels on this respin to positions on unlocked reels. Shark Icon: Triggers the Shark Feature on a reel that has not been filled with locked cash symbols. In this case, the Shark will appear with a multiplier value and will multiply all collected prizes by this value. The Skeleton symbol with the collected, multiplied value will appear in the top position of the reel that the Shark swims up. Available prizes: 2x - 5x Collect Icon: The Sarcophagus will collect a value equal to all the other cash prizes in view combined. Incrementor Icon: This will have a cash value attached. All other locked cash prizes will be increased by this cash value. The original value will be awarded with all the other cash values at the end of the feature. Available prizes: 1x bet - 25x bet GIANT SQUID BONUS On any spin, the Giant Squid might appear and rearrange Fish symbols. MAIN GAME The Squid might swap symbols to create or improve a Fish symbol win. RESPIN BONUS The Squid might move a Fish symbol from a closed reel to an open reel to lock it in place. BUY FEATURE You can buy 1 of 2 features to instantly trigger that feature: Respin Bonus – land scatters that will trigger the Respin Bonus. Collect Feature – spin in a guaranteed Collect Sarcophagus symbol and at least 1 Cash Fish symbol. Buy Feature can only be activated in the base game. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 4,096 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of a symbol, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2 x 3 x 2 = 12. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different ways are added. Only the highest win is paid per symbol. AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open Autoplay, press the AUTOPLAY button (the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle). The player can choose the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number is reached or when the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When Autoplay is active, the AUTOPLAY button becomes a STOP button which displays the number of remaining spins. Press the STOP button to stop Autoplay spins. GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Press Space to spin: allows the use of the Space Bar to make a bet. Autoplay – To access the autoplay menu History – To see game history Game Rules – Opens this help GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails. The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 48 hour(s) after interruption. After that time, any winnings from the interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware / software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 8/14/2024