China Shores Slingo Slingo Basics HOW TO PLAY Select your stake and press SPIN to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder WILD Wilds allows you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. FREE SPIN Free Spin symbols add an extra spin. EXTRA SPINS Extra spins are available after each game The price of each spin is dependant on the grid position and potential prize Prices may be in excess of your base stake The price of the next spin is shown on the spin button Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels during Extra Spins. China Shores Slingo MINI REEL Completing Slingos awards Cash or Slot Spins. Cash and Slot Spins are awarded via the Mini Reel. The Mini Reel contains 1, 2 or 3 reels. 3-5 Slingos awards 1 Mini Reel. 6-8 Slingos awards 2 Mini Reels. 9-12 Slingos awards 3 Mini Reels. The size of the Mini Reel is shown on the Payladder. Wins from the MinI Reel increase in value as Slingos are collected. Prizes are collected as Slingos are achieved. Cash is collected into the Cash Wins meter. Slot Spins are collected into the Slot Spins meter. China Shores Slot CHINA SHORES Slot Spins collected are used as Free Games in the China Shores Slot. All Free Games will play out automatically. YIN YANG Yin Yang symbols award both Cash & Free Games. 3 or more Yin Yang symbols on a winline awards additional Free Games. 3 Yin Yang symbols awards 8 Free Games. 4 Yin Yang symbols awards 10 Free Games. 5 Yin Yang symbols awards 15 Free Games. All pays are on selected lines only from the leftmost reel to the rightmost on adjacent reels. Highest win only on each line is awarded. Wins on different lines are added. All line wins are multiplied by line bet. BALANCE OF FORTUNE™ Balance of Fortune offers the chance for the player to trade Free Games for Cash. On entry, the Balance of Fortune displays a high and low Cash value. The higher value is the maximum possible win. The lower value is the minimum possible win. If the Credit Prize option is selected then a prize between the maximum and minimum is awarded. If the Free Game option is selected then the Free Games play out on the China Shores Slot. The Balance of Fortune is entered from the Slingo game on pressing Collect or completing a Full House. It is entered from the China Shores Slot by selecting the Balance of Fortune button. This button is only available when 20 or more spins remain in the China Shores Slot. The Credit Prize awarded from the Balance of Fortune is randomly generated based on the current collected number of Free Spins Slingo Information BEST STRATEGY The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. RULES All symbols occur on all reels, aside from the Panda symbol in the China Shores Slot which is available only on reels 2,3,4 and 5. Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 94.07%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 94.00%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. PENDING GAMES Incomplete games will be automatically completed 48 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 2/1/2024