Slingoooal Slingo is the fast paced game where Slots meets Bingo with big cash prizes available. Select your stake and press start game to begin You have 11 spins to match numbers on the wheel with the numbers in the grid The cash prize increases from 4 Slingos (win lines) completed Wilds allow the player to mark any number in the column above Red Cards are blocking symbols Free Spin symbols add an extra spin Super Wilds allow the player to mark any number in the whole grid Coins award an instant cash prize Play Controls can be selected from the menu Set the maximum number of extra spins to be offered Set the maximum price to be offered as an extra spin Set the maximum stake for any single game Set the maximum loss for any single game The game will automatically end if any of the set limits are reached Extra spins are available after each game The price of each spin is dependant on the grid position and potential prizes Prices may be in excess of your base stake The price for the next spin is shown on the spin button You can control extra spin limits in the Play Controls Collect or buy more spins Wild Bonus Three or more Wild or Super Wild symbols anywhere on a single spin award a cash prize Unlimited extra spins are available at the end of the game The price for the next spin is shown on the spin button The potential wins available are displayed in turn The numbers required are highlighted Press collect to end the game Win Lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most Slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Free Games If a player is awarded a free game of Slingoooal they will be able to play the base game for free at a predefined staking value. When the base game is completed, the winnings accrued by completing horizontal, vertical or diagonal Slingos or other special symbol bonuses will be displayed to the player and the player will have the option to collect their winnings or continue the game by purchasing extra spins using the funds available in their cash or bonus balance. A player may purchase extra spins using a combination of their real cash and bonus cash balance and the final amount won by the player will be credited to their balance proportionate to their blended stake. For the avoidance of doubt, the free game is considered as a bonus cash stake. Rules Coins appear on the centre reel only. Red Cards appear on the centre reel only. A maximum of 40 additional spins can be purchased. Free Spins symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins. Wild and Super Wild scatter wins pay the highest prize awarded only. Based on best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 95.48%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95.27%.Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Wild and Super Wild scatter wins pay the highest prize awarded only. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 24 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 11/1/2023