Slingo Christmas Re3ls How to Play Select your stake and press Spin to begin. You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reels with numbers on the grid. Complete Slingos to move up the Payladder. Slingo Lines Multiple Slingo lines can be awarded by one dab. There are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. WILD Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. SUPER WILD Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid. BLOCKER Blocker symbols do nothing. Santa From 0-3 Slingos, Santa is locked and does nothing. From 4 Slingos, The Santa symbol unlocks and awards Santa Respins. Lives A life is awarded at 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12 Slingos. Collected Lives are displayed above the Reel. Lives are used in Santa Respins Extra Spins Extra Spins can be purchased after each game. The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of the next spin is shown on the SPIN FOR button. The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted on the grid. Re3ls Feature Santa Respins From 4 Slingos, when a Santa Symbol lands the reel grows to a 5x3 presentation with 15 separate reels. Santa symbols that trigger the Respins remain in the same position during the Santa Respins. The respin reel contains only Santa symbols and blocker symbols Every time a Santa symbol lands on the reel, another spin is awarded. Every spin a Santa symbol does not land on the reel, a life is lost. If a stack of 3 Santa symbols is achieved then it converts into a stacked Santa symbol. When no Santa symbol lands and there are no lives remaining, or all positions are filled, the spins complete. Santa Collection 1 Stack - All the multipliers on the column above the stack are awarded. 2 Stacks - All the multipliers on the column above each stack are awarded. 3 Stacks - All the multipliers on the grid are awarded. 4 Stacks - All the multipliers on the grid are totalled, and awarded X3. 5 Stacks - All the multipliers on the grid are totalled, and awarded X5. Gift Prizes The minimum Gift Prize is 0.1X the selected game stake. The maximum Gift Prize is 5X the selected game stake. Slingo Information Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of Wilds and Super Wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available, the preference is given to positions which are included in the most Slingos (win lines). Where this is not applicable, a random choice is made. For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Rules All symbols occur on all reels. Extra Spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 95.37%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a minimum theoretical RTP of 95.29%. Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require Super Wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 3 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 12/9/2025