Slotbox Slotblox game is a fixed odds game featuring falling blocks in a grid. The player gets wins by forming one or more uninterrupted horizontal line in the grid. When the game begins, a series of blocks in various shapes will drop from the top of the screen into the grid. All wins are paid as per the paytable. How to play The default selected stake for the game is $1.00. You can change the stake by clicking the "STAKE UP" and "STAKE DOWN" buttons. Press "PLAY" to start the game. If one or more uninterrupted horizontal line is formed, the game pays as per the paytable. If you win, winnings will be added to 'WINNINGS' meter located above the STAKE meter on the screen immediately. If you lose, the game is over and you can start a new game by clicking "PLAY". BALANCE: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired STAKE, is shown under 'BALANCE' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'BALANCE' meter and the 'STAKE' meter. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Account. Click on 'Exit Game' to leave the game and return to the lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. FREE PLAYS: If the player forms one or more line with a Magic Block, the game will award 10 free plays. Once the current play is finished, the game will automatically enter Free Plays mode. 'AUTO PLAY': You can make use of this feature for 'hands free' game play. Auto Play plays can be set from 10 games to a maximum of 500 games. Rules The player has no control over the blocks and where they land as they are randomly determined by the game. The computer plays the game on behalf of the player. Whenever an uninterrupted horizontal line is formed, the respective line disappears. The more lines the player gets, the longer the game lasts. TURBO ON: Blocks in various shapes will drop from the top of the screen quickly. TURBO OFF: Blocks in various shapes will drop from the top of the screen slowly. Clicking on Mute button on the right top corner of the game screen will turn off the sound and on deselecting it will turn on the sound. Blocks fall from the top of the screen into the grid at a constant speed. Blocks cannot be rotated when they fall from the top of the screen into the grid. Blocks always land in order. The lowest block falling always lands first. Only one magic block can be triggered at a time in a game. Magic Block is indicated by the rainbow effect. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.50%. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Features Clearing Lines Find below the screen shots of clearing lines The green block in the middle is falling to create a line. It lands; the red block is falling after it. A single line is cleared. All blocks above the cleared line fall by the height of the cleared line. The blocks fall down by not only one space, but depend on the height of the cleared line (single / double / triple / quadruple) as shown in the screen shot below. The orange block was to fall only by one space so it is now resting in air; it will not fall any further, unless lines are cleared below it. This is correct functionality. The red block has continued to fall and a new green block is falling after it. Type of Wins: Line win for single uninterrupted horizontal line. Line win for double uninterrupted horizontal line (2 consecutive rows one after the other) Line win for triple uninterrupted horizontal line (3 consecutive rows one after the other) Line win for quadruple uninterrupted horizontal line (4 consecutive rows one after the other) Magic Block Free Plays  10 free plays are awarded for one or more lines formed using a Magic Block. Auto Play: Auto Play plays the game automatically for a set number of games which the player sets at the start. On selecting the number of games and clicking on PLAY button, the game then continues until it has played the selected number of games (or the player stops the Auto Play). On completion of the Auto Play, it will resume back to playing as normal. The number of games field will be enabled depending on the available game balance. If the player gets a win while in Auto Play, winnings are automatically collected. During Auto Play, when Free Plays feature is triggered, Auto Play will reset. Auto Play can be stopped by clicking on 'Stop Auto Play' button on AUTO PLAY ACTIVE pop-up which appears after every game. Free Plays: FREE PLAYS: If the player forms one or more line with a Magic Block, the game will award 10 free plays. Once the current play is finished, the game will automatically enter Free Plays mode   the screen background colour will change and a message will flash up saying "10 Free Plays!". At the end of Free Plays, a message will display the total amount won during Free Plays mode. All wins during Free Plays mode are doubled. Free Plays can be re-triggered for an unlimited number of times. Each time Free Plays are re-triggered, 10 free plays are added. Amount won in Free Plays is added to the WINNINGS meter. Last modification date: 1/31/2017