Salty Sam's Rage Bait PAYTABLE WILD, BONUS substitutes for all symbols except . This game pays 576 ways. only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. can land 1, 2, or 3 tall. If both the Feature and the Free Spins Bonus are triggered on the same spin, the Feature will play out first and then continue on to the Free Spins Bonus. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Winning combinations are made by a single symbol starting on the leftmost reel and continue on adjacent reels. Winning combinations on multiple ways are added together. The theoretical payout for this game is 94.43%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 spins. Buy a Bonus RTP: Option 1: 94.446%, Option 2: 95.117% Spin And Win FEATURE Every time a lands in the array of either the Base Game or during the Free Spins Bonus, the Spin And Win Feature may be triggered. At the start of the Feature, reels are removed and a or may land on any given spin in any unoccupied symbol position. All that land are locked in place for the duration of the Feature. During the Feature, each that lands on the reels will upgrade any adjacent values by a random amount. may upgrade to . The Feature ends when no new or land and there are no spins remaining, or every symbol position is filled with . Values on are added together as they land and the total value is reflected within the Multiplier Meter. At the end of the Feature, the value in the Multiplier Meter multiplies the prize amount won on the triggering spin of the Feature. If the prize amount won on the triggering spin of the Feature is less than the Total Bet, then the Total Bet of the triggering spin is used. Possible starting values for : 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 18x, 20x, 25x. Amount can be increased by and : 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x Landing or resets spins to 3. All spins during the Feature are started automatically. are resolved top to bottom, left to right. are resolved before . If at least 1 does not land within the array before the Feature completes, a consolation prize of either 2x Triggering Bet or 2x Total Bet is awarded, depending on whichever is the larger of the two. , , and are only available in the Spin And Win Feature. An alternate set of reels is used during the Feature. FREE SPINS 3 or more scattered triggers the Free Spins Bonus. 5 = 12 Free Spins 4 = 10 Free Spins 3 = 8 Free Spins An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus. Winning combinations for the Free Spins Bonus are identical to the base game. The Free Spins Bonus is played at the bet level that triggered the Bonus. Spin And Win Feature may be triggered during the Free Spins Bonus. If that occurs, Spin And Win Feature will resolve before returning to continue any remaining spins in the Free Spins Bonus. Total Win reflects the sum of all winning combinations from the Free Spins Bonus as well as any Spin And Win Features played. GAME RULES Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Highest amount paid per winning combination. The highest amount at any bet that can be won is (Currency) (Configurable Max win limit). If this amount is reached, the game is immediately concluded and any additional wins are not paid out. Unfinished or interrupted games not completed within 30 days will be automatically ended. Any wins won during that game will be immediately paid out and reflected in your balance. During Autoplay, all spins are started automatically until the Autoplay Stop button is pressed, player set conditions are met, or a Bonus or Feature is Triggered. The bar at the bottom of the screen displays the current available balance, the awarded win from most recent game, and current wager. Change the current bet by selecting the Bet Button, choosing your bet level, and then pressing Apply or the Spin Button. Select Spin to initiate a game. Wager is immediately reduced from available Balance. Spin may also be initiated by hitting Spacebar (where available). Bet cannot be changed during an active game. If you are disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, the amount you won or lost during that game is immediately reflected in your balance and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game are displayed when you return to the game. Last modification date: 2/17/2026