Book of the Princess Book of the Princess is a 5x3 videoslot with an Egyptian visual theme. The game features Wild substitutions, a Gamble Ladder and a free spins bonus feature with an expanding special symbol. The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is 96.4% GAME RULES There are 10 selectable pay lines, paying left-to-right. There are 10 symbols, 4 high-paying, 5 low-paying, and a Scatter Wild. The bet level is set using the COIN VALUE, COINS/LINE and PAYLINES selectors. The player can increase or decrease the number of lines per bet. The total bet is the coin value multiplied by the coins/line multiplied by the number of active lines. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable and selected paylines. The paylines are evaluated from left-to-right on adjacent reels starting on leftmost reel, according to the paytable Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount and paylines set prior to entering Freespins Mode. GAME FEATURES Scatter Wild Symbol All reels can contain Scatter Wild symbols. Substitutes for any symbol. Also pays out if three, four or five instances of the symbol land anywhere on the panel. Three or more Scatter Wilds landing anywhere on the panel will trigger the free spins bonus feature and award 10 free spins. Scatter wins and payline wins are added. Freespins Before the free spins start, one of the nine regular symbols is selected to be the special symbol. The reels spin as normal and then, when the pay lines have been evaluated, if sufficient special symbols are visible, each one will expand vertically to cover their entire reel and then be evaluated as line scatters and paid for the selected special symbol. ‘Sufficient special symbols’ means two or more (if the special symbol is high-paying), or three or more (if the special symbol is low-paying). Free spins can re-trigger. On any free spin, three or more scattered Scatter Wild symbols will extend the free spin sequence by a further ten free spins. The cash win for sufficient Scatter Wild symbols is also paid during free spins. The same special symbol is used throughout the free spin session. It is not re-selected if freespins are re-triggered. Gamble Ladder The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button after a win. The player's stake (win from normal game) dictates their starting position on the ladder. The player can gamble their win by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of a win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in the case of a loss, on the highlighted lower one. Players can opt to use the Gamble Ladder to potentially increase any single base game win or the total winnings from free spins.Players can choose to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step; the rest remains available as the new Gamble Amount and can still be gambled. Where the player enters the gamble feature with a stake that is not a value on the ladder, then the probability of winning or losing is proportional to the gamble amount, and the gamble win. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 10/25/2022