Glorious Diamonds Win lines pay from left to right only. Winning combinations are awarded for symbols on adjacent reels beginning from the leftmost reel. The game has 20 fixed pay lines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest win per pay line is paid. Stacked WILD Stacked Wilds can only land in view fully stacked. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Diamond Scatter symbol. WILD Single Wild symbols can be x2 or x3. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Diamond Scatter symbol. Wild multipliers apply to the base value of the payline and are added together. LINK2BOOST BONUS The player triggers the bonus with 3 or more Diamond Scatter symbols in view horizontally, vertically or a combination of the two. This will lock the symbols and trigger the Bonus. Any additional diamonds triggered will be carried forward into the Bonus. The player will then be awarded 3 respins, with any diamond then landing in view resetting the spins back to 3. If any diamond in respins lands in view and connects to the locked symbols this will then also be locked and the prizes inside the diamonds will increase to the next available prize value. Up to two diamonds can land during any spin. Diamond Prizes 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 20x 50x Mini, 100x Minor, 200x Major, 400x Mega. No Diamond prize can increase above a Mega. The Link2Boost Bonus ends when all 3 spins have been exhausted and all prizes are collected and awarded to the player. Miscellaneous: The theoretical minimum payback percentage (RTP) is 94.14%. The Buy Feature RTP is 94.27%. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. Disclaimer: If an interrupted game is not finished within 90 days, your game will be terminated. If your game gets terminated you will lose every active bet. Only the highest winning combination per active win line pays. Malfunction of the virtual machine voids all plays and payment during the period of malfunction. Free Games are played at the bet and lines of game which triggered the game. Wins on different paylines are added. Payouts are multiplied by current active bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 7/23/2025