Armadillo Does Christmas About the Game Armadillo Does Christmas is a 4 row by 5 reel, 25 lines game paying left to right featuring a variety of random features, a party spin bonus, and a trail bonus with collections and a top prizepot. The actual payout equals the sum of the dynamic paytable values corresponding to each line won. Simultaneous or coinciding wins are added. Random Features At the begging of each spin, there is a chance of triggering the following features before the reels stop spinning Random Wilds – Random positions on the reels are substituted with wild symbols. From 1 to 4 wilds can be awarded with each trigger. Wild Reel – Every position on Randomly selected Reels are substituted with wild symbols. From 1 to 3 wilds can be awarded with each trigger. Colossal Reels – Randomly selected adjacent reels will fuse together to form a larger reel. The fused reels spin larger images on the reels. Every position that the larger image occupies counts as an individual 1x1 symbol on the reels for determining wins on the lines after the reels stop. Fused Reels range from creating 2x2, 3x3, or 4x4 big symbols during the feature. Random Multiplier – A Random multiplier of 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x is displayed at beginning of spin and applies to all line wins. Furthermore, after each reel spin the following features may also be triggered Symbol Upgrade – All of a lower symbol chosen at random that is visible on the reels are upgraded to a randomly selected higher paying symbol. The number of symbols upgraded equals the number of the lower symbol chosen that are on the reels. For example, if the lower symbol chosen is the spade, and there are 4 spades on the screen, 4 symbols are upgraded. Instant Win – Awards a random credit amount from 1x to 200x Trail Bonus Collections During the base game special symbols are collected to enhance the trail bonus as follows: Hearts – Every 4 hearts collected during the base game on a bet level accumulates an extra heart. A maximum of 3 hearts can be collected per bet level. If the Armadillo lands on an ice hole to fall into the water, a heart is used up and the Armadillo will continue the bonus. If the Armadillo lands on a hole in the ice and falls with no hearts remaining the bonus ends. Christmas tree and presents – Christmas presents collected increases the pay when landing on a Christmas tree in the trail bonus. If no presents have been collected when entering the trail bonus, landing on the Christmas tree awards 10x when the armadillo lands on it. For each present collected at a bet level during the base game, this initial 10x win amount is increase by an additional 5x bet award up to a maximum total of 60x award for landing on the tree after 10 or more presents are collected. For example, landing on a Christmas tree in the trail bonus after accumulating 5 presents and then triggering the trail bonus would award 35x bet win for the armadillo landing on that space. After awarding the Christmas tree award the amount is reset to 10x with 0 collected presents. The max amount of presents that can be collected per bet level until the award is won and reset is 10 Christmas Stocking and Candy Canes – Every 4 Candy Canes collected increases a multiplier applied to the [Christmas stocking] award. The multiplier starts at 1x and is capped at 5x after 16 or more candy canes symbols are collected for the stocking in the base game for the current bet level. After awarding the stocking with all the candy canes inside the candy canes collected are reset to 0 and the multiplier is thus reset back to 1x. The max amount of candy cane symbols that can be collected at each bet level before resetting is 16. As each candy cane symbol collects 0.25 of a candy cane multiplier, collecting 16 or more candy canes caps the max multiplier of the stocking at 5x. Super Skis – One of the spaces on the trail bonus is occupied with super skis, which collects the awards of all coins the armadillo passes by at a 1x multiplier. Collecting super skis in the base game before triggering the trail bonus increases this multiplier by 1x, up to a maximum of 4x multiplier after collecting 3 or more super skis in the base game before triggering the bonus. This multiplier is applied to the sum of the coin wins the armadillo passes through. After landing on the super skis during the trail bonus, the super skis multiplier is reset to 1x. The max amount of skis collected for each bet level is capped at 3, thus collecting more than 3 skis will not have an effect on the multiplier when it is maxed at 4x. The collected boosters and feature is specific to each bet level and changing the bet will restore the previously stored symbols in the trail bonus collections meter Trail Bonus 3 [Bonus Symbol] triggers the trail bonus. There are three different trial bonus board map configurations. When starting the bonus one of the three board maps are chosen randomly with equal odds. The positions of the items on each board map are different, and the 2000x prizepot is at the end of the map for all three options. During the trail bonus our Armadillo begins at the start of a game board with a trail of spaces each with an award, feature, or holes in the ice. A random number from 1 to 6 is displayed indicating the number of spaces the Armadillo moves rightward, landing on the spaces on the trail again and again like in a board game. After each random move from 1 to 6, the player is given the item on the space landed. This process continues until the player falls into the ice with 0 hearts remaining. Alternatively, if the player makes it to the end of the trail, there is a prizepot award of 2000x which will be awarded while simultaneously ending the bonus. The Armadillo begins with the number of hearts collected before entering the trail bonus. Furthermore, the award amounts of the Christmas tree spaces and the candy cane spaces depend on the amount of the items collected in the base game. The following items on the game space includes: [Coins] – Awards credit amounts displayed on the space. Credit amount range from 1x – 200x [Back x Spaces] – the player will be moved back a random amount of spaces randomly chosen from 1 to 6 [Super Skis] – The next move after landing on this item collects all awards the armadillo passes. For example, if the armadillo lands on the Super Skis and 5 is displayed in the trail bonus, then all 5 awards are collected, not just the one 5 spaces away and any multiplier added from collections is multiplied by the sum of these 5 spaces. [Christmas stocking] - Awards all [Coins] that are within 1, 2, or 3 positions from this item. The random range amount from 1 to 3 when landing on the item is determined randomly from a weighted table. The sum of all these awards are then multiplied by the number of full collections of [Candy Cane] when triggering the trail bonus. Collecting 4 candy canes symbols in the base game awards 1 full collection of a candy cane for the trail bonus, up to a maximum of 4 candy canes. [Christmas tree] – Landing on the Christmas tree awards 10x plus an additional 5x for each present under the tree up to a maximum of a 60x award. [Ice Hole] – Landing in an icehole will end the bonus unless the armadillo has accumulated a heart in which case an accumulated heart is lost and the trail bonus continues. [Trail Prizepot] – Trail Completion prize of 2000x bet if you make it to the end of the trail. The trail bonus is paid according to the bet amount prior to entering the trail bonus. Party Spin Collect 4 [Whiskey] Symbols to trigger the Party Spin. After the 4th [Whiskey] symbol is collected at the same bet level, the reels re-spin for free as the armadillo awards four of the base game random features all on this same single party spin. The party spin is paid according to the lines and bet amount prior to triggering it. Buy Bonus Press the [Buy Bonus] button to enter the bonus buy confirmation screen. Choose the stake of the bonus and select one of the three options to confirm the corresponding bet and automatically enter the Trail Bonus. The full collection amounts for the number of hearts, the number of candy canes collections, the number of Christmas tree present collections, and the number of super skis collected are shown on the confirmation screen are used in place of the amounts collected during the base game when using the buy bonus. The RTP of the Buy Bonus for option 1 on the left, option 2 in the middle and option 3 on the right are 94.21%, 93.85%, and 94.31% respectively. Click the box of the option to make the corresponding bet amount shown to start the bonus with the shown collection amountsClick one of the three bonus options shown to start the bonus with the displayed amount of hearts, skis, candy canes, and presents and then click BUY to confirm the buy bonus bet. of Alternatively, press the arrows on the top to change the bet to trigger the buy bonus at a different base stake and buy bonus cost, or press the x in the top right corner to go back to the main game. Buy Feature may not be available on all markets RTP The regular game has a theoretical RTP of 94.17%. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/14/2023