John Daly Spin It and Win It John Daly Spin it And win it! brings the loud, colourful and unpredictably exciting character of John Daly to life in the form of a 5-reel 3-row video slot. The game features three compelling base game features and a further three bonus features with a win potential of over 20,000x. The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is 94.78% Game Rules The reelset has 5 reels and 3 rows. The game is played with 243 paying ways. The reels have 11 symbols including 4 high-paying, 5 low-paying, a wild and a bonus symbol. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. The player is paid according to the Paytable. The panel is evaluated from left-to-right on adjacent reels starting on leftmost reel. Only the highest matching combinations per winning way is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different winning ways are added and paid. Bonus symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Whenever 3 bonus symbols land anywhere on the reel set, the player is taken to the Bonus Feature. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount set prior to entering Freespins Mode. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Features Wild symbol The wild symbol can land on any of the reels in the base game. Substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. Base game modifiers The game has three base game modifiers. These only trigger on paid spins which result in a winning outcome. The base game modifiers are not guaranteed to improve the outcome of the triggering spin. Bonus symbols do not appear on the reels when these features are active. Random Wilds This feature depicts John Daly hitting balls onto the panel. Between 1 and 5 wilds are randomly added to the existing panel. The final panel is then evaluated and paid. Expanding Win All winning symbol lock and a respin occurs. If the respin results in an improved win the new winning symbols also lock and another respin will occur. The sequence terminates when the outcome of panel preceding it is not improved. The final panel is then evaluated and paid. Walking Wild A wild symbol lands on one of the 5 reels. The wild will be either 1, 2 or 3 symbols in height for the duration of the sequence. The panel is evaluated and then paid, whereupon a respin occurs. The wild moves one reel either to the left or to the right. After seven spins the walking wild can only move in one direction. The panel is elevated again, and then paid. The sequence of respins terminates after the respin in which the wild exits from the panel. Bonus features When the bonus feature is triggered, one of the 3 available features is randomly selected. The player can either: Accept the selected feature. Choose to gamble in order to play a different feature. If the player rejects the selected feature, it can no longer be randomly selected and a mystery prize is added in its place. If the game selects a Mystery Prize, then the player can no longer gamble, and that prize is paid. John Daly’s Big Swing The John Daly character will hit a ball into the air. A Win Multiplier will be displayed incrementing upwards while the ball flies through the air. The ball will either collide with an object or continue flying until the max multiplier value has been reached (20,000x). The player’s total win is determined by multiplying the bet level by the final Win Multiplier, and then paid. Free for All (free spins) Is played with 8 initial free spins 3 bonus symbols retrigger the bonus and add 5 more spins. Retrigger can occur only once. The game features normal and sticky wilds. Sticky wild symbols remain in the position in which they initially land for the remainder of the spin sequence. Both types of wild symbols can randomly contain a win multiplier. The inidual win multipliers have a value of 2X or 3X. The wild multiplier gets applied to the total win of a symbol if at least one of the ways of that symbol contains the wild multiplier. 3OAK and 4OAK of Wild does not pay. At the end of the sequence, the value of all win multipliers is added then applied to the accumulated win and then paid. Sticky Balls The reels change to a 5-reel 4-row layout. Each symbol position is drawn independently. A win multiplier meter is displayed. 10 initial free spins are awarded. Symbols can only be blanks, golf balls with cash prizes, golden balls, or multicolored balls which are sticky for the remaining spins. If one of these symbol types does not land on a position, the position remains empty. Golden Balls increment the overall win multiplier by +1. Multi-colored balls award between 2 and 5 additional free spins. Golden balls and colored balls only can be drawn if the win multiplier value is less than 20. If all 20 symbol positions contain cash prizes the sequence will end. The value of all cash prizes accumulate and are multiplied by the final win multiplier value at the end of the sequence and then paid. Mystery prize A single, random multiplier of between 20x and 200x is selected and paid after which the bonus feature ends. Buying features Players can buy the following features and enhanced bets via the Special Bets button. This opens a pop-up menu listing the available bets and the associated cost. These optional features are not available in all jurisdictions or with all operators. Base game modifier features Players can opt to buy any of the base game modifier features inidually. The costs are as follows: Bonus features Players can opt to buy any of the bonus features inidually. The costs are as follows: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 11/2/2022