Celinderella GAME RULES WALKING WILD RESPINS During the game, when any of Mystery Walking Wild or the Prince Walking Wild symbols land on the reels, the Walking Wild Respins triggered. Walking Wild Respins are respins that continue until all Wilds exit the screen. Mystery Walking Wild symbol and the Prince Walking Wild symbol can only land on the 1st and the 5th reels respectively. More Wilds can land on the reels during Walking Wild Respins. Respins last until the last Wild symbol exits the screens. EXPANDING WILDS During Walking Wild Respins, when Mystery Walking Wild and the Prince Walking Wild symbols meet at the same position, one of the following possibilities occurs: Expanded Wild with x2 multiplier Expanded Wild with x3 multiplier or Celinderella Expanded Wild with x4 multiplier and triggers Free Spins at the end of the Respins. Expanded Wilds can occur on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the game. In the base game, all Expanded Wild symbols occur by 3x1 dimension, and they will be removed in the next spin. During the game, if any of walking Wilds comes across with an expanded Wild at the same position, it will be represented with Golden Frame and stays behind the expanded Wild for that spin. In the next spin, it will keep moving by acting as a Wild. Once the Expanded Wild(s) occurred in the Walking Wild Respins, their multipliers are collected through the “Global Multiplier”. Afterwards, all the winnings will be multiplied by the global multiplier until the end of that Respins round. The global multiplier is summed up with the multiplier(s) of any additional expanded Wilds occurring in the same Respins round. During the base game, when 2 Mystery Walking Wild and the Prince Walking Wild symbols meet at the same time and on the same column, the result will automatically be “Celinderella”, Expanded Wild with x4 multiplier and 8 Free Spins. If 3 of each meet at the same time and on the same column, the result will be "double Celinderella”, Expanded Wild with x8 multiplier and 16 Free Spins triggered at the end of the Respins. FREE SPINS During the base game, meets resulting in “Celinderella, Expanded Wild with x4 multiplier” triggers 8 Free Spins at the end of that respins round. Winning another Celinderella in the same respins round adds another 8 Free Spins and x4 multiplier to the global multiplier and triggers 16 Free Spins in total. The global multiplier for that Respins round will be transferred into free spins. During Free Spins, the global multiplier will never reset, and all winnings will be multiplied by the global multiplier on the screen. The global multiplier is summed up with multipliers of any additional expanded Wilds occurring in the same free spins round. During Free Spins, landing any kind of Wilds triggers Walking Wild Respins as in the base game. Moreover, meeting Mystery Walking Wild and the Prince Walking Wild symbols at the same position triggers the Expanded Wild by 3x1 dimension. Triggered Expanded Wild symbols can have x2, x3 and x4 multipliers respectively. After triggered, Expanded Wilds decrease by 1x1 dimension for each respin until they disappear during free spins. Respin cannot end if there is any Expanded Wild or Walking Wild on the screen. If the meet results in Celinderella, Expanded Wild with x4 multiplier, it awards an additional +2 free spins. When 2 Mystery Walking Wild and 2 Prince Walking Wild symbols meet at the same position, the result will automatically be “Celinderella” and awards +2 free spins. Similarly, if 3 of each meet at the same time and on the same column, the result will be “double Celinderella”, Expanded Wild with x8 multiplier and awards +4 free spins. During Free Spins, having another meeting on an already Expanded Wild renews it to 3x1 dimension again. If any Wild(s) comes across with an already Expanded Wild at the same position, it will be moved behind the Expanded Wild for that free spin and represented by Golden Frame as in the base game. For the next free spin, Wild(s) will keep walking on the reels. GOLDEN BET Golden Bet is active during the base game. Once activated, Golden Bet doubles the chance of triggering Free Spins and increasing the chance of having more Walking Wilds. Golden Bet costs 2x the total current bet. BUY FREE SPINS Free Spins can be purchased anytime during the base game by clicking on “Buy Free Spins” option. It costs 80x the total current bet. 8 Free Spins begin with x4 global multiplier when triggered via Buy Free Spins option. Buy Feature may not be available on all markets. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/8/2024