Royal Crown 2 Respins of Spearhead GAME FEATURES RESPINS OF SPEARHEAD The Respins of Spearhead feature is triggered when 5 or more scatter symbols land anywhere on the panel on a single spin in the Base Game. All symbols, except scatter symbols, are then replaced by empty spaces and the player is awarded 3 respins. The reels will then spin containing scatter symbols exclusively, attempting to fill the empty spaces. If one or more scatter symbols land, the player’s remaining respins will reset back to 3 and the landed scatter symbols will lock into place or consequent respins. The Respins of Spearhead feature ends when the player has no further respins or when all of the empty spaces have been filled (once 15 scatters have landed). Each scatter symbol is labelled with a random prize based on a multiplier of the total bet amount prior to entering the Respins of Spearhead feature. The multiplier will be any of the following: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 10, 12, 15, 25 or 50 (Big Jackpot), 75, 100 (Mega Jackpot), 200 (Monster Jackpot), 500 (Legendary Jackpot). Royal Crown 2 – Respins of Spearhead – Game Rules At the end of the feature, the accumulation of the prizes as labelled on each scatter symbol is awarded to the player. If the total of 15 scatter symbols land then the player will also get a bonus of 1500x (1500 x the total bet amount). BUY IN TO BONUS (not available in all jurisdictions) The Bonus Buy feature can be accessed at any time while in the base slot game by clicking the Bonus Buy button. The Bonus Buy feature automatically triggers a spin with 5 guaranteed-to-land scatter symbols. The fee the player needs to pay to access this feature is 100x the bet value. The Respins of Spearhead session triggered abides by the Respins of Spearhead rules. GAMBLE LADDER The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button after a win. The player's stake (win from normal game) dictates their starting position on the ladder The player can gamble their win by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of a win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in the case of a loss, on the highlighted lower one. Players can opt to use the Gamble Ladder to potentially increase any single base game win or the total winnings from free spins. Players can choose to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step; the rest remains available as the new Gamble Amount and can still be gambled. Where the player enters the gamble feature with a stake that is not a value on the ladder, then the probability of winning or losing is proportional to the gamble amount, and the gamble win. The maximum cap value for gamble is 150.00 if the starting win amount is =150. CARD GAMBLE The card gamble can be entered by clicking the card gamble button after a win. The player can gamble their win by clicking on a suit colour (red or black) or a suit symbol (hearts, spades, clubs or diamonds). The game will then reveal a random card. In the case of a suit colour gamble, if the player’s choice matches the colour of the revealed card then they win double their bet. Picking either a Red or Black card, there is a 50/50 chance of winning. In the case of a suit symbol gamble, if the player’s choice matches the suit symbol of the revealed card then they win quadruple their bet. The history shows the last 5 cards to be drawn of the current gamble game. Players can choose to collect their winnings or to gamble it again. If the player’s choice is incorrect, the gamble amount will be lost and the game is finished, returning the player to the main slot game. The card gamble option is available when the 4x the current game round win amount is less than or equal to a maximum of 30,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/12/2024