The Lioness The Lioness Game Rules The Lioness is a 6 reel by 4 rows, 40 lines game featuring Amanda Nunes, MMA super star, the fight feature, an accumulating multiplier free spins, and a Lioness Link. The Paylines are evaluated left-to-right on adjacent reels starting on the leftmost reel. Only the longest matching combination per winning line is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins are added together. All wins occur on lines only, except the Lioness bonus scatter and the free spin scatter which award bonuses for landing 3 or more of the same scatter anywhere. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Fight Feature When one of the 3 Amanda symbols lands in a stack of at least 3 full adjacent columns or more that result in a winning spin, the fight feature will trigger. When triggered, Amanda Nunes will perform consecutive attacks awarding a random multiplier to the current win. The random multiplier ranges depend on the amount of full stacks that landed during the feature: Amount Multiplier 3 Full Stacks 2x – 4x 4 Full Stacks 2x – 5x 5 Full Stacks 2x – 6x 6 Full Stacks 2x – 7x Multipliers from the feature are only applied to the line wins on the 40 lines and are not carried over to the bonus or free spins. Fortune Bet – Higher Multipliers Pay an extra 30% ante to activate more punching power from Nunes during the Fight Feature. When winning on full stacks of 3 or more the fight feature will trigger 100% of the time and the multiplier ranges are enhanced as follows: Amount Multiplier 3 Full Stacks 3x – 6x 4 Full Stacks 3x – 7x 5 Full Stacks 3x – 8x 6 Full Stacks 3x – 9x Multipliers from the feature are only applied to the line wins on the 40 lines and are not carried over to the bonus or free spins. Fortune Bet may not be available on all markets. Lioness Link Bonus Land 4 or more [Lioness Scatter] anywhere on the reels to trigger the Lioness Link Bonus. There is not a set award for triggering the bonus, but all triggering [Lioness Scatter] symbols will each reveal random credits or change colour to reveal corresponding prizepot colour win. All other symbols will disappear, and the bonus will start with 3 initial respins on remaining reels. The number of remaining respins reset to 3 each time at least one more [Lioness Scatter] symbol lands. Each additional [Lioness Scatter] that land will also either reveal credit amounts or change colour to reveal corresponding prizepot colour win. The awards for each lioness symbols include Random Credit amount 1 – 10x Mini Prizepot 20x Minor Prizepot 50x Major PrizePot 100x The free spins ends when there are no more respins remaining or after all 24 positions have been filled. If all 24 positions are filled the Grand Prizepot of 1000x is won in addition to the other awards accumulated during the bonus. All Prizepots can be awarded more than one time except for the Grand Prizepot which is only awarded once if all 24 positions are filled. Free Spins Land 3 [Free Spins Scatter] symbols to trigger the free spins bonus. 5 Free spins are awarded with extremely long stacks of Amanda appearing on the reels every spin. When 3 or more full stacks land with a winning symbol, the fight feature as described above always triggers and the multiplier awarded from each spin is persistent throughout the free spins. The multiplier amount accumulates through the feature and is reset after the free spins ends. Fortune Bet has no effect during the free spins. Free spins scatters do not award payouts. The Free Spins can not be retriggered. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Free Spins. It is impossible to trigger the Lioness Link bonus and the free spins on the same spin. Buy Bonus Press the [Buy Bonus] button to enter the bonus buy confirmation screen. When entering the buy bonus confirmation screen the Fortune Bet is automatically disabled, and the default stake displays the amount currently bet without any extra ante from a Fortune Bet. Choose the stake of the bonus and press [Buy] to confirm a bet of 31x bet and automatically enter the Lioness Link Bonus. Buy Feature may not be available on all markets. Game RTP The regular game has a theoretical RTP of 93.79% without using the Fortune Bet. When using the Fortune Bet the game has a theoretical RTP of 94.16%. When using the Buy Bonus the game has a theoretical RTP of 93.78% Last modification date: 12/16/2022