Lara Jones Treasure of Egypt Lara Jones Treasure of Egypt is a 5x3 videoslot featuring the intrepid and alluring Lara Jones on her new mission to uncover the treasures of ancient Egypt. The game features Symbol Replacement, Gamble Ladder, Buy Into Bonus, and a Free Spin mode with Sticky Wilds. The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is 96.46% GAME RULES There are 10 selectable pay lines, paying left-to-right. There are 11 symbols, 4 high-paying, 5 low-paying, a Wild and Scatter. The bet level is set using the BET/LINE and PAYLINES selectors. The player can increase or decrease the number of lines per bet. The total bet is the bet per line multiplied by the number of active lines. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. The paylines are evaluated from left-to-right on adjacent reels starting on leftmost reel, according to the paytable Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. GAME FEATURES Cleopatra Spin A randomly occurring feature that replaces any Queen, Jack or 10 symbols with the top-paying (Cleopatra) symbol. Only the modified panel is evaluated for winnings. The Cleopatra Spin occurs only in the base game. Wild Symbol Replaces any symbol except the scatter symbol. Sticky Wilds During free spins, all wilds are ‘sticky’ meaning they will remain in position for the remainder of the free spin session, overriding the symbols landing underneath on all subsequent spins. Scatter symbols will shine through sticky wilds. Gamble Ladder The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button after a win. The player's stake (win from normal game) dictates their starting position on the ladder. The player can gamble their win by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of a win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in the case of a loss, on the highlighted lower one. Players can opt to use the Gamble Ladder to potentially increase any single base game win or the total winnings from free spins. Players can choose to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step; the rest remains available as the new Gamble Amount and can still be gambled. Where the player enters the gamble feature with a stake that is not a value on the ladder, then the probability of winning or losing is proportional to the gamble amount, and the gamble win. Buy Into Bonus Players can opt to use the Buy Into Bonus feature to enter directly into free spins (not available in all jurisdictions). The cost is 50X the current total bet. Scatter Symbols Reels 1, 3 and 5 can contain a Scatter symbol. Whenever 3 Scatter symbols land anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5, the player is awarded 10 free spins. Scatter symbols landing under a Sticky Wild ‘shine through’. Freespins Mode Whenever 3 scatters land anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5, the game awards 10 free spins. Scatters landing under a Sticky Wild ‘shine through’. 3 scatters landing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 will award an additional 10 free spins. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 7/26/2024