Book of Spies Mission X Game rules 5x4 videoslot with a ‘ways’ pays mechanic and an initial 1024 ways. The reels have 13 symbols, comprising 4 high-paying, 6 low-paying, the xWays®, xNudge® Wild and Scatter symbols. The paylines are evaluated from left-to-right on adjacent reels starting on leftmost reel, according to the paytable Only the highest matching combinations per winning way is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different winning ways are added and paid. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode.The xNudge® Wild symbol substitutes all symbols except the Bonus Scatter symbol. xWays® Mystery Symbols A mystery symbol that can hold 2 to 4 of the same symbol inside it and will expand the reel to be up to 7 symbols high to increase the number of possible ways. A single xWays® mystery symbol can appear on each of reels 1,3 and 5 (base game) and on all reels in the free spins round. Reels may be expanded up to 5488 ways (base game) and 16807 ways (free spins). All xWays® symbols on a panel will expand to reveal the same paying symbol. The xWays® Mystery symbol can expand to reveal any high-paying or low-paying symbol in the paytable. The mystery symbol cannot reveal a wild symbol and a bonus symbol. xNudge® Multiplying Wilds An expanding Wild symbol that exists on reels 2 and 4 and, if present on the panel, will always nudge upwards to replace all symbols above it. In free spins, each nudge also increases the Wild Multiplier by +1 to a maximum of 4X or, if combined with an xWays® Mystery Symbol landing above it, to a maximum of 7X. Two Wild Multipliers add to each other for a total Wild Multiplier on the ways win(s). In the base game maximum possible win multiplier is 8X In the freespin game maximum possible win multiplier is 14X. If a winning combination includes an xNudge symbol, the xNudge symbol expands first and the normal winning combination is paid and then the multiplier is applied. xNudge® symbols can only appear on reels 2 and 4 in the base game. The same functionality also applicable to free spins. Secret Agent Free Spins Bonus Scatter symbols can appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in both the base game and free spins. Landing three Bonus Scatter symbols will trigger Secret Agent Free Spins. The number of free spins awarded by each Bonus Scatter symbol is 1 plus the number of nudges required to nudge the symbol to the bottom position of its reel, each nudge awards a spin. The minimum number of free spins awarded is 3, the maximum is 21. Before the free spins start, one of the four high-paying symbols is selected to be the special symbol. An xNudge® Multiplying Wild may expand over a Scatter symbol in both the base game and free spins, but if sufficient Scatters exist to trigger or re-trigger free spins, then the Scatter symbol will ‘shine through. The reels spin as normal and then, when the reels have been evaluated, if 3 or more reels contain at least one instance of the special symbol, a full height version of the special symbol will drop down to cover their entire reel and the panel will be evaluated anywhere for the selected special symbol. Free spins can retrigger. The same special symbol is used throughout the free spin session. It is not re-selected if free spins are re-triggered. At the end of free spins, the total win from free spins is added to any wins from the round that activated free spins. Buy Into Bonus Players can opt to buy their way into the free spins. The cost is displayed under the button and is determined according to the player’s current bet level. The player will be awarded 10 free spins. Not available in all jurisdictions. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 10/25/2022