Knights Crusade Knights Of Fortune is a 5x3 videoslot game with a ‘ways pays’ mechanic, and a classic medieval theme. It uses a collection mechanic to collect Wilds, winning HP symbols and special gold symbols, to trigger free spins feature with varying win multipliers and number of wilds to be returned to the reels. Game Rules 5 reel videoslot with a ‘ways pays’ mechanic. There are 243 possible ways. There are 12 symbols,4 high-paying, 6 low-paying, wild and a special gold symbol. The Wild symbol substitutes any symbol. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Autoplay will be automatically terminated if the Medieval Free Spins feature is triggered. The player is paid from left to right for matches of 3 or more same symbols landing on adjacent reels (see Paytable). The paylines are evaluated from left-to-right on adjacent reels starting on leftmost reel, according to the paytable Only the highest matching combinations per winning way is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different winning ways are added and paid. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. In the case of a malfunction in gaming hardware/software, all affected bets are refunded Autoplay is not available in all jurisdictions GAME FEATURES Cascading Spins In any paid spin or freespin if a win occurs, all winning symbols are removed from the reels and are replaced from above by new symbols. The modified panel is evaluated again and any wins paid. Cascades continue until no new wins are created. Wild Knights A meter is displayed with 5 segments. Main section of the meter initially displays “0” Each wild that lands on a paid spin or is added to a panel as a result of a Cascading spin fills one segment. Each time all 5 segments are filled, the meter increments by +1 The number in the meter reflects actual number of wilds that will be randomly returned to the reels during free spins. The meter does NOT continue to increase during free spins. All wilds are returned to the panel during free spin, thus the meter is reset to zero after a free spins feature has completed. A limit of 80 Wilds can be collected Medieval Multipliers A meter is displayed with 5 segments. Main section of the meter initially displays “X1”. Each Blue Knight or Green Knight symbol that is part of a winning combination during a paid spin (or is added to a panel as a result of a Cascading spin and then also takes part in a win) fills one segment. When all 5 segments are filled, the meter increments by +1. The prevailing win multiplier value is applied to all spins once the free spins feature is triggered. The meter does NOT continue to increase during free spins. The meter is reset to X1 after a free spins feature has completed. There is no limit to the number of multipliers that can be collected Medieval Free Spins A meter is displayed with 5 segments. Main section of the meter initially displays “0 of 8”. Random low-paying symbols have a special golden frame attached to signify that they are a ‘special’ version of that symbol. Each instance of a ‘special’ version of a regular symbol that lands on the panel during a paid base game spin (or if introduced to the reels during a Cascading spin) fills one segment. If all 5 segments are filled, the main meter increments by +1. If the meter reaches “8 of 8”, then free spins are triggered (8 spins are awarded) Freespins will be triggered after the round in which at least 40 special symbols have been collected. Freespins do not re-trigger. The meter is reset to 0 of 8 after a free spins feature has completed. Buy Into bonus Players can opt to buy their way into the free spins The cost is displayed under the button and is determined according to the player’s current bet level. The player will be awarded 8 free spins. Freespins will commence with either 13 or 14 wilds to be returned to the reels (randomly selected) and a win multiplier of X3. Not available in all jurisdictions. Additional Information The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 11/29/2022