Mythological Mayhem Mythological Mayhem is a 6 reel by 4 row ways game paying from the leftmost reel to adjacent reels rightward. The game has dynamic reels, allowing the 6 reel by 4 row 4096 initial ways to extend to a maximum of 6 reel by 7 row max reel height (4096 – 117,649 Ways) Malfunction voids all pays and play. Marking Wild Frames During the base game, each [Apollo Sun] that lands leaves a frame mark on the same position it lands on. If another [Apollo Sun] lands on an already marked position, the marked position’s counter is increased. [Apollo Sun] appears on reels 2, 4, and 6 only. Landing a wild on an unmarked frame creates a marked frame to be held until the feature is triggered and sets its initial counter to 1. Landing a wild on an already created marked frame increments the marked frame’s counter by 1. Fortune Bet Marking Boost For an 80% increase in ante players can increase their chances to progress to the higher worlds. Landing a wild on an unmarked frame creates a marked frame to be held until the feature is triggered and sets its initial counter randomly at 1, 2 or 3. Landing a wild on an already created marked frame increments the marked frame’s counter randomly by 1,2 or 3 randomly. Activated Wild Frames After every 10 spins, the accumulated frames will begin to create wilds during the main feature as follows: One marked frame position per reel randomly creates a wild for each reel that contains at least 1 marked frame position Marked frames decrement its counter by 1 after each time it creates a wild If the counter of a frame reaches 0 after creating a wild, then the marked frame will disappear. After 10 bets are played at the same bet level, the main feature triggers. During the feature, all winning symbols and prizepots break to create cascades. The feature has three levels, the Flames of Tartarus, the Sea’s of Poseidon, and Olympus. Main Feature at Level 1: Flames of Tartarus After the 10th spin is played at the same bet level, a 5th row is added for 15,625 ways and marked frames are activated on each cascade. [Hades] and [Minitaurus] are added to the reels during the entire feature. After the world change and the extra row, a wild is created on each reel with at least one marked frame and those frames’ counters are each decremented by 1. If 3 cascades in a row are hit, the feature is upgraded from the Flames of Tartarus to the Seas of Poseidon.If less than 3 cascades in a row are hit, the feature ends, restarting the count to 0/10, removing all added symbols and rows and cascading symbols until the next feature Main Feature at Level 2: Seas of Poseidon When making it to Poseidon’s Seas after the 3rd consecutive cascade, an additional 6th row is added for 46,656 ways. [Poseidon] and [Medusa] are added to the reels starting at level 2 until the end of the feature. If 3 more consecutive cascades are hit during the Seas of Poseidon, the feature is upgraded again from Poseidon’s Seas to Olympus. If less than 3 more consecutive cascades in a row are hit, the feature ends, restarting the count to 0/10, removing all added symbols and rows and cascading symbols until the next feature. Main Feature at Level 3: Olympus When making it to the Skies of Zeus after the 6th consecutive cascade, an additional 7th row is added for 117,649 ways. [Zeus] and [Athena] are added to the reels starting at level 3 until the end of the feature. Before each win evaluation, lighting bolts may hit random symbol positions on reels 2,3,4,5, and/or 6 to create more frames and/or increment the counter of existing frames. If a bolt hits a position without a frame it creates a new frame and sets its initial counter to 1 when playing without the fortune be If a bolt hits a position without a frame it creates a new frame and sets its initial counter randomly at 1,2, or 3 when playing without the fortune bet If a bolt hits a frame’s position it increments its counter by 1 when playing without the fortune bet If a bolt hits a frame’s position it increments its counter by 1-3 randomly when playing with the fortune bet After each cascade while in Olympus, the game’s multiplier is increased by 1 Cascades, lightning bolts, and increasing multipliers continue until there are not any more wins or prizepot symbols Marked Frames and Wilds appear on Reels 2, 3,4 5, and 6 during level 3 of the main feature Prizepot Accumulators Landing 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 prizepot symbols on a single feature will award the corresponding prizepot amount as displayed in the game. As symbols cascade on a single spin, the running number of prizepot symbols collected accumulates. Prizepot accumulation progress during the feature is not reset until there are not any more wins to create more cascades.If 5 or more prizepot symbols have been accumulated after all cascades have finished at the end of the feature, then the prizepot award corresponding to the number of prizpot symbols accumulated is awarded in addition to all the wins during the feature. The prizepot symbols only appear during the feature. Prizepots cascade after incrementing the prizepot counter following each win evaluation. If there are not any way wins after a win evaluation, then the cascade from destroying any prizepots will count toward the progress through the worlds (a cascade to upgrade world or to increase the games multiplier in Olympus) in addition to accumulating progress for the prizepot awards. Game RTP The game has a theoretical RTP of 94.14%. When using the Fortune bet the game has an RTP of 94.77% Last modification date: 2/7/2023