4 Wild Wolves GAME RULES TUMBLING WINNINGS During the base game, cascading reels are active so that all winning symbols are removed from the reels after each win payout to create spaces for new symbols to land. This can lead to more combos and more payouts. Maximum number of consecutive cascades in a single round is limited to 50. INCREASING GLOBAL MULTIPLIER During the game, each winning cascade increases the Global Multiplier by x1. At the end of each cascade, all the line wins are multiplied by the current value of the global multiplier. The multiplier value resets for each game round. Global multiplier can reach a maximum of x15 in a single round. WILD WOLVES FEATURE During the game, Wild Moon symbol can land anytime on the reels. After landing, it may activate one of the 4 Wolves randomly on top of the screen. Activated Wolves will act as Wilds after landing on the screen until the end of that round. More than one wolf can be activated for a single game round. During a game round, if all Wolves are activated, any upcoming Wild Moon symbols that land will act as regular Wilds, as there are no other Wolves to be activated. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. BUTTON FUNCTIONS MENU - Click to open the game's settings and rules. BET - Click to change your bet for a spin. HOME - Redirection to home page. CASHIER - Click to fund account and withdraw winnings. GAME RULES - Click to see game description. PAYTABLE - Click to see possible payouts. HISTORY - Click to view your latest game bets and payout. GAME SETTINGS - Click to manage game settings. SWIPE - Swipe the reels to start a spin. SPIN - Tap to start a spin. AUTOPLAY - Click and choose a number of spins to initiate Autoplay mode (where available). TURBO MODE - Start to play the game in turbo mode. 20 fixed lines paying both ways as left to right and right to left. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different lines are added. Only the longest matching combinations per winning line is paid. The paylines are evaluated left-to-right and right-to-left on adjacent reels, starting on the leftmost reel and then evaluated right-to-left on adjacent reels starting on the rightmost reel, according to the paytable. Game pays based on the total bet. GAME RTP The RTP of "4 Wild Wolves" is 94.23%. The base game average RTP was determined by Monte Carlo simulation of 500 million regular bet spins by taking the total amount won and dividing it by the total amount bet. Malfunction voids all plays and pays.