Graveyard Gang WILD FEATURE WILD, ACTIVATED WILD, STICKY WILD, After all tumbles have stopped and there are no more winning combinations, any WILD or STICKY WILD may flip over to reveal either Vampire, Witch, Swampster, or Mummy. When it does, corresponding symbol is upgraded to SCATTER pays for that win, any corresponding multiplier is applied, and corresponding symbol Multiplier is increased., SCATTER winning combinations are made whenever there are 5 or more matching symbols anywhere on the reels. , WILD and STICKY WILD do not contribute to SCATTER combinations., Initial activation of a symbol multiplier upgrades subsequent winning combinations of that symbol by 2x. Additional activations during that game increases corresponding multiplier by an additional 2x., FREE SPINS STICKY WILD, BONUS 10, 12, 15, or 20 Spins awarded with 3, 4, 5, or 6 BONUS symbols respectively. BONUS does not appear on the reels during the Free Spin Bonus., During the Free Spins, WILDs become sticky. STICKY WILDS are held in the place where they land until they are part of a winning combination. Winning combinations with Vampire, Witch, Swampster, or Mummy are multiplied by corresponding Symbol Multiplier. Symbol Multipliers do not reset until the end of the Free Spins Bonus. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus. Winning combinations for the Free Spins Bonus are identical to the base game. The Free Spins Bonus is played at the bet level that triggered the Bonus. Total Win reflects the sum of all winning combinations and features during the Free Spin Bonus. All spins during the Free Spin Bonus are started automatically. Cluster combinations made with 5 or more WILDs pay highest possible combination and highest possible symbol Multiplier. PAYTABLE [WILD] Substitutes for all symbols except [BONUS]. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Winning combinations are removed. Any empty spots are then filled with symbols from above and any subsequent wins are added to Total Win. A round is finished when there are no more winning combinations available and all tumbles have concluded. When a symbol is upgraded to SCATTER, it pays the same as cluster pay combinations. Cluster combinations made with 5 or more WILDs pay highest possible combination and highest possible symbol Multiplier. The theoretical payout for this game is %94.24. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 spins. The theoretical payout for this game is %96.15. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 spins. BASE GAME WILD, ACTIVATED WILD, BONUS, Vampire, Witch, Swampster, Mummy This game is a tumbling reels game with cluster pays. In a tumbling reels game, each winning combination is removed and any empty spots are then filled with additional symbols from above and evalutated for additional wins. Clusters are winning combinations made with 5 or more matching adjacent horizontal or vertical symbols. After all tumbles have stopped and there are no more winning combinations, any [WILD] may flip over to reveal either Sorceress, Knight, Archer, or Assassin. When it does, corresponding symbol is upgraded to SCATTER pays and corresponding symbol Multiplier is increased. During the Base Game, Symbol Multipliers reset at the start of each round. Wins for a particular symbol are multiplied by corresponding Symbol Multiplier. Symbols contribute to a winning combination only once, unless they are WILD or STICKY WILD. A round is complete when no more winning combinations can be made and the WILD FEATURE has completed. GAME RULES Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Highest amount paid per winning combination. The highest amount that can be won is EUR. If this amount is reached, the game is immediately concluded and any additional wins are not paid out. Unfinished or interrupted games not completed within 30 days will be automatically ended. Any wins won during that game will be immediately paid out and reflected in your balance. During Autoplay, all spins are started automatically until the Autoplay Stop button is pressed, player set conditions are met, a Bonus or Feature is Triggered. The bar at the bottom of the screen displays the current available balance, the awarded win from most recent game, and current wager. Change the current bet by selecting either the Bet Meter,or Bet buttons. Select Spin to initiate a game. Wager is immediately reduced from available Balance. Spin may also be initiated by hitting Spacebar (where available). Bet cannot be changed during an active game. If you are disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, the amount you won or lost during that game is immediately reflected in your balance and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected , the results of the previous game are displayed when you return to the game. BUY A BONUS Purchase a Bonus or Feature through the BUY A BONUS button. This game has 1 option available to purchase for 80x your current bet. When buying a Free Spins Bonus an alternate set of reels are used, where 3,4, 5, or 6 [BONUS] symbols can land randomly. For Full information about this feature see the FREE SPINS section. The Buy a Bonus functionality may not be available in all markets. Last modification date: 10/23/2024