Red Panda Rising FREE SPIN BONUS only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. does not appear on the reels during the Free Spin Bonus. 3 or more scattered / Symbols on adjacent reels, starting on the leftmost reel, triggers the Free Spin Bonus. 7 Free Spins are initially awarded. Any used in the triggering of the Free Spin Bonus that have expanded add +2 Free Spins to the total amount of Free Spins awarded for each expanded . Any expanded used in the triggering of the Free Spin Bonus will start expanded on the same reel at the beginning of the Free Spin Bonus and remain expanded and held for the duration of the Free Spin Bonus. On a winning spin a held is a part of, the may display a multiplier. The Multiplier multiplies all wins that is a part of. Multiple multipliers are added together. Multipliers may increase in value until a final multiplier is reached and then awarded. Wild Multipliers: 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spin Bonus. Winning combinations for the Free Spins are identical to the base game. Free Spins cannot be retriggered during the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spins are played at the bet level that triggered the Free Spin Bonus Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Pays involving scatter symbols pay in any position on the reel. Scatter pays are added to additional wins. The theoretically payout for this game is 94.31%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 spins. BUY A BONUS RTP: OPTION 1: 94.298%, OPTION 2: 94.1941% BASE GAME WILD, BONUS is wild for all symbols, including may expand and take up all 3 positions on the reel. Game Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Highest amount paid per winning combination. The highest amount that can be won is USD 1,295,000.00. If this amount is reached, the game is immediately concluded and any additional wins are not paid out. Unfinished or interrupted games not completed within 30 days will be automatically ended. Any wins won during that game will be immediately paid out and reflected in your balance. During Autoplay, all spins are started automatically until the Autoplay Stop button is pressed, player set conditions are met, a Bonus or Feature is Triggered. The bar at the bottom of the screen displays the current available balance, the awarded win from most recent game, and current wager. Change the current bet by selecting either the Bet Meter,or Bet buttons. Select Spin to initiate a game. Wager is immediately reduced from available Balance. Spin may also be initiated by hitting Spacebar (where available). Bet cannot be changed during an active game. If you are disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, the amount you won or lost during that game is immediately reflected in your balance and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game are displayed when you return to the game. Last modification date: 5/14/2024