Alices Mad Fortune Alice’s Mad Fortune Alice’s Mad Fortune is a 3x5, 10 line video slot featuring a base game with expanding wilds, wild bonus scatters, an adventure re-spin bonus and multiple buy bonus options. The actual payout equals the sum of the dynamic paytable values corresponding to each line won. Simultaneous or coinciding wins are added. Game Plays based on the Total Bet. During the base game, the Alice symbol is an expanding wild. When landing on the reel, if expanding Alice will create any wins, then the Alice symbol will immediately expand to fill the entire reel. Alice substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus Symbol, and all special bonus symbol characters. If it does not create a win for the player, Alice will not expand. During the base game, the Cheshire Cat substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus Symbol, and the special bonus symbol characters. When winning on the Cheshire Cat, the Cheshire Cat will award a random multiplier of 2x or 3x. If more than one Cheshire Cat is on a winning line, the random multipliers of each cat are added together. During the base game, the Silver White Rabbit bonus symbol, the Hatter bonus symbol, and the Caterpillar bonus symbol are wild and substitute for all symbols except for the Cheshire Cat. 3 Bonus symbols on the screen triggers the re-spins adventure bonus with all scatters left on the board for adventure re-spins Bonus. The Hatter, Caterpillar, and Silver White Rabbit Feature Bonus symbols substitute for Bonus symbols. Furthermore, when triggering the bonus, the Bonus Symbol will convert to regular card symbols with win multipliers from 1x to 10x whereas the character bonus symbols will convert to win multipliers from 1x to 10x and perform their features after the first spin of the bonus. “Win multipliers” in the bonus are win amounts displayed in terms of a multiple of the amount the player is betting in the base game. For example, if the bonus triggered at a base bet of 2, a symbol converting to a win multiplier of x4 would represent a win amount of 8 for that symbol. Regular Bonus symbols, appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only The Hatter and the Caterpillar bonus symbols appears on reels 3 and 4 only. The Silver White Rabbit bonus symbol appears on reels 2 and 4 only. The Cheshire Cat and the Wild Alice symbols appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Collectables During the base game, landing the Cheshire Cat, the Hatter, and the Caterpillar accumulate points into their corresponding meters (the Gold Cheshire Cat meter, the Gold Hatter meter, and the Gold Caterpillar meter respectively). On each of the collections, when enough points are accumulated the number of gold rings on that character collection is incremented by one. When landing a gold character symbol during the bonus, the corresponding Gold Feature symbol is used in the adventure re-spins bonus to create the character feature every spin that the number of Gold rings for the corresponding character is greater than 0. Each time the feature is used, the collection meter is decremented by 1. In the case of retriggering the respins meter, gold symbols trigger their own features for free instead of decrementing the meter by 1. The game stores each collection symbols in which bet amount the game is played. When a collection meter reaches its maximum level, it will not accumulate any more points until it is decreased below its maximum level during the respins. Gold and Silver Characters Silver symbols do their features once they come to the board or when re-spins count resets to 3 when new symbols come to the board. Gold Features do their feature once they come to the board, whenever re-spins count resets to 3 at no collection ring cost, and during each all other subsequent spins that there is at least one collection ring remaining for that character. When a Gold collection meter reaches 0, the corresponding gold character on the reels will only trigger its feature on respin retriggers as they do not have a meter cost. Adventure re spins Bonus 3 bonus scatter symbols trigger the bonus. When the Bonus starts, regular card bonus symbols will reveal win multipliers and any Feature Bonus scatters that landed will trigger it’s feature after the first spin. The game will start with all empty symbol positions respining 3 times. If at least one additional symbol lands on a reel position the respins are reset to 3. Silver Character symbols will trigger their feature after all reset spins as well as the spin where they initially land. Gold Symbols will activate their feature on the spin where they initially land, after all reset spins at no meter cost, as well as after all other subsequent spins at a cost of one gold ring collection until the number of collections reaches 0. In the event of multiple features triggering simultaneously, the feature activation will queue up sequentially in the following order: Silver White Rabbit, Caterpillar, Gold Caterpillar, Cheshire Cat, Gold Cheshire Cat, Hatter, Gold Hatter, Silver Alice, Queen, Mushroom. Furthermore, Silver Alice can trigger or retrigger the features of any of the characters on the screen, the cheshire cat, the hatter, the caterpillar, the gold cheshire cat, the gold hatter, and the gold caterpillar Card symbols and feature symbols other than gold and silver will fall asleep after landing and performing their feature. The symbols that are sleeping either do not have a feature or will not trigger their initial feature again unless Alice wakes the symbol up to trigger in which case it will fall back asleep after performing the feature again. The Bonus ends when the respins reach 0 or when all empty positions are filled with symbols. The possible symbols that can land in the bonus and their features are as follows: Cards Awards from 1 to 10x Cheshire Cat Awards from 1 to 10x. Randomly Selects from 1 to 100% of the symbols on the screen and doubles their amounts Caterpillar Awards from 1 to 10x. Increases values of all other symbols from +1 to +5 Hatter Awards from 1 to 10x. Collects the values of all other symbols and adds them to his own Mushroom Awards from 1 to 10x. Reveals an entire extra row of symbol positions Queen Awards from 1 to 10x. Kills all card symbols, collecting their values and opening positions for new symbols SILVER White Rabbit Awards from 1 to 10x. Increases the amount of respins by 1. Occurs every time the respins reset SILVER Alice Awards from 1 to 10x. Interacts with at least 1 character up to 100% of the characters, performing their feature(s) again. Occurs every time the respins reset GOLD Cheshire Cat Awards from 1 to 10x. Randomly Selects from 1 to 100% of the symbols on the screen and doubles their amounts. Feature retriggers every time the respins count reset. Also retriggers on all other respins while at least one gold ring remains GOLD Hatter Awards from 1 to 10x. Collects the values of all other symbols and adds them to his own. Feature retriggers every time the respins count reset. Also retriggers on all other respins while at least one gold ring remains GOLD Caterpillar Awards from 1 to 10x. Increases values of all other symbols from +1 to +5. Feature retriggers every time the respins count reset. Also retriggers on all other respins while at least one gold ring remains Silver White Rabbit, Silver Alice, Gold Cheshire Cat, Gold Hatter, Gold Caterpillar, and Mushroom can each appear a maximum of one per bonus. All other symbols can appear multiple times on different reels. Buy Bonus Click on the buy bonus tea cup and choose one of the 4 buy bonus options. 3 bonus scatters triggers the bonus. 4 Respin Buy Bonus Bonus guarantees 1 Gold character at the beginning of the bonus Bonus begins with 4 initial spins that reset to 4 each time at least one additional symbol lands during the bonus All Gold Character Collection Rings are set to 5 3 Respins Buy Bonus Bonus guarantees 1 Gold character at the beginning of the bonus Bonus begins with 3 initial spins that reset to 3 each time at least one additional symbol lands during the bonus All Gold Character Collection Rings are set to 3 2 Respins Buy Bonus Bonus guarantees 1 Gold character at the beginning of the bonus 2 Initial spins that reset to 2 each time at least one additional symbol lands during the bonus All Gold Character Collection Rings are set to 2 1 Respin Buy Bonus 1 Initial spin that resets to 1 each time at least one additional symbol lands during the bonus All Gold Character Collection rings are set to 0. Gold symbol except Gold Cheshire Cat acts as scatter symbol in buy bonus. Gold rings that are remaining does not carry over for the next game. Buy Feature may not be available on all markets. Buy Feature may have bet limits on some markets. Max Win Cap The maximum win during the free spins is capped at 50,000 times base stake. If the bonus reaches this amount the max win of 50,000 times stake is awarded to the player and the bonus ends. RTP The theoretical RTP of the base game is 94.00%. The RTP of Buy Bonus options 1, 2, 3, and 4 are 94.06%, 94.16%, 93.97%, and 93.82% Respectively. BONUS START POPUP GOLD CATERPILLAR Retriggers automatically on respin reset and every other spin where at least 1 gold ring remains GOLD HATTER Retriggers automatically on respin reset and every other spin where at least 1 gold ring remains GOLD CHESHIRE CAT Retriggers automatically on respin reset and every other spin where at least 1 gold ring remains SILVER CATERPILLAR Increases values of all other symbols. Occurs every time the respins reset SILVER HATTER Collects the values of all other symbols and adds them to his own. Occurs every time the respins reset SILVER CHESHIRE CAT Randomly selects up to 7 symbols and doubles their amounts. Occurs every time the respins reset QUEEN Kills all card symbols, collecting their values and opening positions for new symbols SILVER ALICE Interacts with at least 1 character up to 100% of the characters, performing their feature(s) again. Occurs every time the respins reset SILVER WHITE RABBIT Increases the amount of respins by 1. Occurs every time the respins reset MUSHROOM Reveals an entire extra row of symbol positions HATTER Collects the values of all other symbols and adds them to his own CATERPILLAR Increases values of all other symbols CHESHIRE CAT Randomly Selects from 1 to 100% of the symbols on the screen and doubles their amounts Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 4/10/2024