15 Armadillos About the Game 15 Armadillos is a 5 reel 3 row, 243 ways game paying left to right featuring wild respins, pick accumulators, Free Spins with an pre free spins pick bonus booster feature, and an Armadillo Link feature. Wild Respins Landing 1 or more wild will create a respin after all wins are paid for the spin. If one or more extra wilds land on the reels during a respin, another respin will be awarded. If 3 or more wilds are on the reels after all respins are complete, the Armadillo link feature will trigger. Armadillo Link All wilds that lock onto the screen during the wild respin feature are converted to Armadillo credit symbols and awarded random credits accordingly. Other symbols disappear and these remaining positions on the reels will spin independently for 3 link spins to try and land more armadillo credit symbols. If at least 1 armadillo credit symbol lands on a respin, the number of link spins is reset to 3. There are 4 different armadillo credit symbols that may land during the link spins: Regular Armadillo credit symbol – Awards from 1x – 100x bet Sum Armadillo credit symbol – Awards the sum of all [Armadillo] on the screen Spread Armadillo credit symbol – Increases award on all other coins by amount awarded on this coin Expanding Armadillo credit symbol – Coin awarded on all positions in the same column and these positions are filled with coins if they have not already, awarding the next highest jackpot. Completely filling 1,2,3,4 or all 5 columns will award the mini, minor, major, mega or grand jackpot respectively. Only the highest jackpot is awarded at the end of the link in addition to all the other coin wins. Pick Enhancement Accumulation Each of the 5 animals has a corresponding pick bonus accumulation meter which progresses with wins. Initially the number of picks for each bet level begin at 3. While playing the base game, each win made on one of the animals will fill up it’s corresponding meter. Each time an animal meter completely fills, the picks shown for the animal increments by 1 and the meter resets toward progress for an additional pick. When the free spins begin, the player is awarded the number of picks that were accumulated for the animal selected before starting the free spins. After the free spins, the number of picks are reset to 3 for that animal. If a pick meter increments to 10 picks before being selected, the Free Spins Bonus is automatically triggered for the meter’s corresponding animal with 10 picks and reset to 3 after the Free Spins Bonus is complete. Pre Free Spins Picks Before playing out the free spins, all picks are made to award from the following enhancement bonus awards: Payout boost symbol – The chosen animal payout amount increases Extra locked symbols – The chosen symbol is locked on an extra 1-3 random positions locked reel – The chosen symbol locks all 3 positions of a reel Increase stick chance – The chosen symbol has an increases chance to lock on reels Guaranteed symbol lock – The chosen symbol will always lock when it lands on the reels Extra Free Spins – 1-3 extra free spins are awarded Extra Credits – Random Credits are awarded [Mini], [Minor], [Major], [Mega], and [Grand] jackpots – if picked instantly won Free Spins Bonus Landing 3 or more Free Spin Symbols triggers the free spins bonus. Choose one of the collections among the Eagle, Panther, Alligator, Snake, or Otter to start the game with an initial 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8. Free Spins respectively. Initial free games are increases by any Extra Free Spins pick choices made before starting the free spins bonus. During the free games, each time the chosen animal lands on the reels, there is a chance to stick the animal for the remaining free spins. This chance is higher if the Increase stick chance power up or the guaranteed symbol lock power up was selected in the pick bonus for the duration of the free spins bonus. Furthermore, payout boost, Extra locked symbols, locked reel, Increase stick chance , and Guaranteed symbol lock enhancements are applied for the duration of the free spins bonus. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/11/2022