Lara Jones: Treasures of Egypt II Lara Jones: Treasures of Egypt II is a 5x3 videoslot featuring the intrepid and alluring Lara Jones on her latest mission to uncover the treasures of ancient Egypt. The game features cascading re- spins, free spins with sticky wilds and two different volatility options, and two types of gamble option. The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is: 96.02% GAME RULES The reelset panel is 5x3. There are 10 fixed pay lines, paying left-to-right. There are 11 symbols, 4 high-paying, 5 low-paying, a Wild and Scatter. The Wild symbol substitutes any symbol except the scatter symbol. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. The line bet is the bet level divided by the number of lines. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Autoplay will be automatically terminated if the Free Spins Feature is triggered. The player is paid from left to right for matches of the same symbols, according to the Paytable. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Whenever 3 scatters land, on reels 1, 3 and 5, the game awards 10 free spins and the player is taken to the Free Spins Mode. In the event that a cascading sequence presents more than one panel each containing 3 scatters, then only the first instance awards free spins. The free spins feature can only be triggered a single time. There are no Scatter wins. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. In the case of a malfunction in gaming hardware/software, all affected bets are refunded GAME FEATURES Cleopatra Cascades A randomly occurring feature where the winning symbols from a paid spin remain on screen and all other symbols are replaced with a cascading re-spin. Any symbols on new or extended winning pay lines remain on screen and a new cascading re-spin occurs If no new or extended winning pay lines are created the final modified panel is evaluated and all winnings paid. The Cleopatra Cascades Spin occurs only in the base game. In the case of a five symbol win (wild-wild-wild-9-9) all five symbols will stick. Cleopatra Free Spins During free spins, all wilds are ‘sticky’ meaning they will remain in position for the remaining free spin session, overriding the symbols landing underneath on all subsequent spins. There are no scatters present on the reels during free spins If each of the reels contain at least one wild, an extra 5 free spins are awarded Only one re-trigger can happen Before commencing Free Spins the player will choose between the following two options: Majestic Free Spins, Low Volatility option (wins occur more often, but maximum possible wins are smaller) The pay table is doubled Mighty Free Spins, High Volatility option (wins occur less often, but maximum possible wins are bigger) If a second wild lands on a reel already containing a wild then both these wilds become x2 wild multipliers If a third wild lands on a reel already containing 2 wilds then both these wilds become x3 wild multipliers Gamble Ladder The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button after a win. The player's stake (win from normal game) dictates their starting position on the ladder The player can gamble their win by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of a win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in the case of a loss, on the highlighted lower one. Players can opt to use the Gamble Ladder to potentially increase any single base game win or the total winnings from free spins. Players can choose to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step; the rest remains available as the new Gamble Amount and can still be gambled. Where the player enters the gamble feature with a stake that is not a value on the ladder, then the probability of winning or losing is proportional to the gamble amount, and the gamble win. The maximum cap value for gamble is 150.00 if the starting win amount is =150. The gamble ladder is capped at 25 gambles. Upon reaching this limit the player must collect all winnings and the gamble ladder game will end. Card Gamble The card gamble can be entered by clicking the card gamble button after a win. The player can gamble their win by clicking on a suit colour (red or black) or a suit symbol (hearts, spades, clubs or diamonds). The game will then reveal a random card. In the case of a suit colour gamble, if the player’s choice matches the colour of the revealed card then they win double their bet. Picking either a Red or Black card, there is a 50/50 chance of winning. In the case of a suit symbol gamble, if the player’s choice matches the suit symbol of the revealed card then they win quadruple their bet. The history shows the last 5 cards to be drawn of the current gamble game. Players can choose to collect their winnings or to gamble it again. If the player’s choice is incorrect, the gamble amount will be lost and the game is finished, returning the player to the main slot game. The card gamble option is available when the 4x the current game round win amount is less than or equal to a maximum of 30,000 The maximum win for Card Gamble is the amount It is not possible to move between the card and ladder gamble features. When the player has selected either of the gamble options they must either gamble their base game winnings in that chosen gamble feature or collect their winnings. Some features may not be available in some jurisdictions Last modification date: 4/12/2024