Pirates of the Mediterranean Remastered Pirates of the Mediterranean is a 5x3 videoslot with a pirate visual theme, designed to evoke the classic roller-coaster experiences of old-school, cabinet slot machines. The game features Walking Wilds, a Gamble Ladder, and a free spins bonus feature that pays 4X and 8X base game wins. Return To Player (RTP): 96.02% GAME RULES There are 10 selectable pay lines, paying left-to-right. There are 12 symbols, 4 high-paying, 6 low-paying, a Wild and Scatter. The bet level is set using the BET/LINE and PAYLINES selectors. The player can increase or decrease the number of lines per bet. The total bet is the bet per line multiplied by the number of active lines.AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. GAME FEATURES Walking Wilds In any one spin, one special ‘Walking Wild’ (the Golden Parrot) can appear at a random position on any reel. It will trigger a re-spin while ‘walking’ one position to the left. This will continue until it has ‘walked’ off the panel. A new Walking Wild can appear during each re-spin. The re-spin sequence only stops once there are no ‘walking wilds’ on the panel. Scatter symbols continue to appear during Walking Wild re-spins and will ‘shine through’ walking wilds. Should free spins be triggered more than once during a Walking Wilds sequence, the Pirate Compass will appear multiple times accordingly, awarding a random amount of free spins each time. There are no Walking Wilds during free spins. Wild Symbol Replaces any symbol except the scatter symbol. Scatter Symbol All reels can contain Scatter symbols. The Scatter also pays out if two, three, four or five instances of the symbol land anywhere on the panel. Three or more Scatters landing anywhere on the panel will trigger the free spins bonus feature. Scatter wins and payline wins are added. Freespins When triggering freespins, The Pirate Compass will display after the spin has completed and randomly award 10, 12, 14, 16 or 18 free spins During free spins, all standard wins are multiplied by 4, with line win combinations involving the Wild symbol paying double (8x base game paytable value). Free spins can re-trigger. Gamble Ladder The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button after a win. The player's stake (win from normal game) dictates their starting position on the ladder The player can gamble their win by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of a win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in the case of a loss, on the highlighted lower one. Players can opt to use the Gamble Ladder to potentially increase any single base game win or the total winnings from free spins. Players can choose to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step; the rest remains available as the new Gamble Amount and can still be gambled. Where the player enters the gamble feature with a stake that is not a value on the ladder, then the probability of winning or losing is proportional to the gamble amount, and the gamble win. The maximum cap value for gamble is 150.00 if the starting win amount is =150. GAME FUNCTIONS SPIN BUTTON Click to start a game round at the current bet value. SPIN BUTTON (DURING SPIN) Click to rapidly stop the reel animations or any win animations. This does not stop autoplay. AUTOPLAY BUTTON Click to open the autoplay pop-up menu. AUTOPLAY BUTTON (WITH AUTOPLAY ACTIVE) The number displays how many autoplay spins remain. Click to stop autoplay. BET/LINE BUTTONS Click ‘-’ or ‘+’buttons to change the Bet Amount per line. PAYLINES Click ‘-‘ or ‘+’ buttons to change the number of selected pay lines. GAMBLE BUTTON (ACTIVE) Click to open Gamble Ladder feature GAMBLE BUTTON (INACTIVE) PAYTABLE Click to open the paytable TURBO BUTTON Click to switch between high and low spin speed. LADDER GAMBLE BUTTON Click to gamble on the gamble ladder. SPLIT BUTTON Click to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step (Split is only available for Gamble Amounts that correspond to the exact value presented on the gamble ladder). TAKE WIN BUTTON Click to take winnings and have them added to the balance. MENU BUTTON Click to open the settings, paytable and game rules. AUDIO BUTTON Click to toggle all audio on/off. POP-UP MENUS Bet Amount (mobile only) The bet amount pop-up menu displays all available bet/line and payline options. The currently selected amount is highlighted white. The player can also click on the ‘Back’ icon, to return to the main game screen without making any changes to the bet amount. Autoplay The autoplay pop-up menu allows the player to select a number of spins to autoplay. To do so, the player clicks on one of the available spin number options. This button will then highlight white. The player must then set a loss limit (must be greater than 0) and then click on the spin button to confirm their intention. The menu is then hidden and the player is returned to the main game screen, with autoplay active. Gamble is not available during autoplay, however, the player may opt to gamble any winnings awarded on the final spin. The player may also choose to set optional conditions to automatically stop autoplay. These include: Stop autoplay on a single win of a player-stipulated value. Stop autoplay if the balance increases by the amount the player specifies. Stop autoplay upon entering free spins Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. GAME SETTINGS AND REGULATORY Current time The game client shows the current time at all times (in the bottom left of the screen). The time is acquired from the player’s computer or device system clock. Reality check In case the operator does not provide this functionality, the player can choose to set a reminder for 30, 60 or 90 minutes from the settings menu. To access this, the player: Clicks/taps on the ‘setting hamburger’ icon. The settings, paytable, game rules, and close icons pop-up from the bottom of the screen. On mobile, the home and mute buttons are also visible. The player clicks/taps on the settings icon. The settings pop-up menu is displayed. Under ‘Set Reminder’, the player can select one of three possible options are enabled (30, 60 and 90 minutes). The player clicks/taps on ‘Close’ to return to the game. If the player is still playing after their chosen interval has been reached, then a pop-up is displayed with a text reminder and the stated time interval. The pop-up screen contains: Notice of selected reminder time interval having been reached Link to return to the game Link to exit the game ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 1/3/2023