Hot Hot Balloons Hot Hot Balloons is a 7 reel by 7 rows, cluster pays videoslot featuring cascading reels, Free Spins and a Golden Bet option to increase the chance of having Free Spins and Buy Bonus options. To win, land 5 or more matching symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically, as long as they touch. Tumbling Winnings During the base game, cascading reels are active so that all winning symbols are removed from the reels after each win paid out to create spaces for new symbols to land. This can lead to have more combos and more payouts. The theoretical limit of cascading is 100 cascades. During cascading reels, the first win activates the winning positions. Another winning on an activated positions creates a 2x multiplier at the same spin. Winning again at the same spin on a 2x multiplier doubles it to 4x, another win on 4x doubles it to 8x and so on. Multipliers during the game are capped at 128x. They can go up to 128x at most. Free Spins Landing 3 [Scatter] during the base game awards 10 Free Spins. During free spins, cascading reels feature is active as in the base game. Additionally, multipliers on the reels remain sticky during free spins. Hence, each win can double the previous multiplier on the winning lines during free spins. Free spins can be retriggered by landing 3 [Scatter] that awards an additional 10 Free Spins. Super Free Spins Super Free Spins can be triggered while the Golden Bet is active. Landing 3 [Scatter] when Golden Bet is activated awards 10 Free Spins. All reels in the super free spins begin with 2x multipliers already. Multipliers can be doubled by winnings and up to 128x at most. Super Free Spins can also be triggered via Buy Bonus options. Golden Bet Golden Bet is active during the base game. Once activated, Free Spins can be triggered more frequently during the base game. Moreover, if free spins are triggered during the Golden Bet activation, then all grids in free spins begin with 2x multiplier and can be up to 128x. Activation of Golden Bet costs 2x the total current bet. Buy Free Spins Press the [Buy Free Spins] button to enter the bonus buy confirmation screen. Choose the stake of the bonus and press [Buy] to confirm bet to automatically trigger the free spins. [Buy Free Spins] has two options. The RTP of the Buy Bonus is 94.13 % for regular bet. It costs 80x the total current bet. The RTP of the Buy Bonus is 94.07 % for Golden Bet. It costs 160x the total current bet. Buy Feature may not be available on all markets. WIN CAP Hot Hot Balloons has win cap of 10,000x the current bet. The maximum win may be reached by triggering any specific combinations and/or features. Once the maximum win is achieved during free spins the win amount is paid, the free spins rounds immediately ends, and the game returns to the base game. Game RTP The RTP of Hot Hot Balloons is 94.56 % When the player opts to play the Golden Bet Free Spins the RTP is 93.59 %. MINIMUM BET: 0.20 MAXIMUM BET: 100.00 Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 9/10/2024