Blue Diamond Book Blue Diamond Book is a 5x3 video slot with an Egyptian visual theme. The game features free spins with an expanding special symbol and expanding Scatter Wilds with win multipliers The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is 96.04% GAME RULES The reelset panel is 5x3. There are 10 fixed pay lines, paying left to right. The reels have 10 symbols including 4 high-paying, 5 low-paying, and a Scatter Wild (The Blue Diamond Book). The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. The line bet is the bet level divided by the number of lines. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. The player is paid from left to right for matches of the same symbols, according to the Paytable. The paylines are evaluated from left-to-right on adjacent reels starting on left most reel, according to the paytable Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Whenever 3 scatters land anywhere on the reel set, the game awards 10 free spins and the player is taken to the Free Spins Mode. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount and paylines set prior to entering Freespins Mode. GAME FEATURES Scatter Wild Symbol The Blue Diamond Book symbol is the Scatter symbol and acts as a wild. Substitutes for any symbol. There are no Scatter wins. In the base game, a maximum of three Scatter Wilds can land Three Scatter Wilds landing anywhere on the panel will trigger free spins and award 10 free spins with an expanding special symbol and expanding scatter wilds with win multipliers. Freespins The Scatter functions differently in the free spins feature, as follows: Before the free spins start, one of the nine regular symbols will be randomly selected to be the special symbol. All reels can contain a single Scatter Wild. The reels spin as normal (with the Scatter acting as a substituting wild), and the pay lines are evaluated and wins paid. Then, if sufficient Special Symbols are visible, each one will expand vertically to cover their entire reel. ‘Sufficient special symbols’ means at least two of the selected special symbol for high paying symbols and at least three of the selected special symbol for low paying symbols At the same time, should any Scatters be visible on the reels, they also will expand vertically to cover their entire reel, whereupon the Scatter will then: Reveal itself to be either a 1x, 2x or 3x win multiplier (applies per expanded reel, not per symbol). When any one special expanding symbol appears along with a wild symbol then the wild symbol will expand and substitute for that special expanding symbol. The resultant panel shall then be evaluated for any scatter wins featuring the special symbol only (both standard and transformed Scatter versions) and paid, taking into account any Scatter win multipliers. The maximum scatter win multiplier is 27x regardless of number of Scatters (books). If the special symbol is Lara Jones (H1) and two Lara Jones (H1) symbols are on the screen and, additionally, at the same time there are THREE reels containing the Scatter Wild symbol, then the wild multiplier always equals 3. It is not possible to re-trigger freespins. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 12/20/2024