Book of Armadillo Book of Armadillo is a 3x5 10 line videoslot featuring expanding symbols, two free spin options, symbol expansions, a golden book bet, and golden Armadillo Cash tokens. The actual payouts equal the sum of the dynamic paytable values corresponding to each line won. Free spins are played at the same bet level and number of lines as the triggering base game spin Scatter Wild The Regular Book symbol acts as both a scatter symbol and a Wild Symbol. Regular Book Symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Golden Armadillo Book. Three or more Regular book scatter wilds landing anywhere on the reels will award 10 free spins with an expanding special symbol. Free Spins Before the free spins start, one of the symbols will be randomly selected to be the special expanding symbol. If sufficient special symbols are visible, each one will expand vertically to cover the entire reel and then be evaluated as lines scatters. ‘Sufficient special symbols’ means at least two of the selected symbols if a high paying symbol was selected or at least three of the selected special symbol if a low paying symbol was selected. Free Spins can be retriggered. Landing 3 or more Regular Book symbols awards an additional 10 free spins. Regular book symbols also act as a wild the same way as in the base game. Golden Book Bet Pay an extra 70% Ante to enable the Golden Armadillo Book. A special Armadillo Book is added on all reels. When Golden Book Bet is activated, the probability of entering a free games bonus is increased. Furthermore, when Golden Book Bet is activated, Golden Armadillo cash tokens are added to the reels. Golden Armadillo cash tokens display cash amounts ranging from 1x to 1000x. These cash amount are displayed in terms of the base amount bet. For example, when betting 1.00 with a 0.70 Ante for a total of 1.70 bet, 1000x if won will award the player 1000.00. If Golden Armadillo cash tokens and Golden Armadillo Books land on the same spin, each Golden Armadillo Book collects all the pages and awards the sum. The Golden Armadillo Book symbol acts as a scatter symbol, a Wild Symbol, and a cash collection symbol. Golden Armadillo Books collect and award all Armadillo cash tokens shown on the reels when landing. The Golden Armadillo Book Symbols substitute for all symbols. Golden Armadillo Free Spins 3 or more Books including at least 1 Armadillo Book triggers the Golden Armadillo Free Spins with 10 initial free spins During the Golden Armadillo Free Spins, landing 2 of either regular books or golden armadillo books awards an additional 5 free spins. If at least one of the two books is an armadillo book, in addition to 5 extra free spins another symbol is randomly selected to be an expand symbol. During the Golden Armadillo Free Spins, landing 3 or more of any combination of Regular books and golden armadillo books awards an additional 8 Spins and an additional expand symbol. A maximum of 3 expand symbols can be awarded during the super free spins. Further retriggers award addition free spins but remain at the maximum of 3 randomly selected expand symbols that have been awarded from previous retriggers. Regular and Golden Armadillo Free Spins Buy Bonus Players can opt to buy their way into the regular free spins bonus feature for a price of 77 times the players bet. The player can opt to play the Golden Armadillo Free Spins for 150 times the players bet. RTP The theoretical RTP of the game while playing the base game in regular mode is 96.09%. The theoretical RTP when playing the game with the Golden book bet activated is 95.97%. The theoretical RTP when playing the regular buy bonus and when playing the Golden Armadillo buy bonus are 96.24% and 96.09% respectively. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 12/19/2023