Book of Souls II El Dorado Book of Souls 2: El Dorado is a 5x3 videoslot set in a mystical Mayan jungle. The game features Symbol Replacement, Cascading wins, and a Free Spin Mode in which up to three special symbols can be selected to be evaluated as line scatters. The game offers wins in excess of 20,000x total bet. The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is 95.98% GAME RULES The reelset panel is 5x3 with a free spins bonus game. There are 10 fixed pay lines, paying left-to-right. The reels have 10 symbols including 4 high-paying, 5 low-paying, and a Scatter Wild. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. The line bet is the bet level divided by the number of lines. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. The game pays any combination of consecutive symbols from the furthermore left reel to the furthermost right one, except the Scatter symbol. Only the highest matching combinations per line is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added and paid. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. Payline wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. GAME FEATURES Scatter Wild Symbol All reels can contain Scatter Wild symbols. Substitutes for any symbol. Pays out if three, four or five instances of the symbol land anywhere on the panel. 3 or more Scatter Wilds landing anywhere on the panel will trigger the free spins bonus feature. Scatter wins and payline wins are added. El Dorado Fortune Wheel Only occurs during the base game. Randomly, at the end of any spin, all instances of a selected low-paying symbol can be replaced by a high-paying, scatter wild symbol. This can prompt new wins. It can also trigger free spins if the replacement symbol is a Scatter Wild and the resultant panel now contains 3 or more Scatter Wilds. This feature does not guarantee a win. El Dorado Cascade Spins Only occurs during the base game. Randomly, at the end of any winning spin, all symbols involved in winning lines are removed from view and the symbols above them cascade down. This can prompt new wins. It can also trigger free spins if the cascading symbols contain one or more Scatter Wilds and if any single cascading spin panel contains 3 or more Scatter Wilds. Free Spins Before the free spins start, one of the nine regular symbols is selected to be the special symbol. The reels spin as normal and then, when the pay lines have been evaluated, if sufficient special symbols are visible, each one will expand vertically to cover their entire reel and then be evaluated as line scatters and paid for the selected special symbol. ‘Sufficient special symbols’ means two or more (if the special symbol is high-paying), or three or more (if the special symbol is low-paying). Free spins can re-trigger. On any free spin, three or more scattered Scatter Wild symbols will extend the free spin sequence by a further six free spins. The cash win for sufficient Scatter Wild symbols is also paid during free spins. If free spins retrigger, then an additional different special symbol will be selected. Up to three special symbols can be selected. If two or more special symbols are triggered in a single free spin session, they expand and are evaluated as line scatters separately, one after another. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded Last modification date: 10/19/2022