Sweet Gems Sweet Gems is a 6x5 videoslot game with a colourful, fairy tale theme. Wins are awarded if enough of any symbols land anywhere on the screen, and in free spins, multipliers can land to boost winnings. The game potentially pays wins of more than 12,000x. The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is: Return To Player (RTP): 96.13% Buy into Bonus RTP: 96.06% Double Chance RTP: 96.03% GAME RULES - 6x5 reel videoslot with wins paid based on the number of instances of individual symbols in a single panel. - There are 12 symbols, 9 paying symbols, a bonus scatter, and Cascade and Sticky multiplier symbols. - The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. - Autoplay will be automatically terminated if the Free Spins feature is triggered. - The player is paid when 8 or more of any matching symbol or symbols appear anywhere on the panel according to the Paytable. - Simultaneous wins from different symbols are added and paid. - Cascade and Sticky Multipliers are only available during the Sweet Free Spins feature. - Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. - Autoplay is not available in all jurisdictions. - Scatter wins are added to base wins. GAME FEATURES Cascading spins - In any paid spin or free spin if a win occurs, all winning symbols are removed from the reels and are replaced from above by new symbols. - The modified panel is evaluated again and any wins paid. - Cascades continue indefinitely until no new wins are created. Sweet Free Spins - The bonus feature will be triggered if 4 or more Bonus Scatters appear on the panel in a paid spin or subsequent cascade spin and award 10 free spins. - If three or more scatters appear on an initial free spin panel or on a subsequent cascade panel then an additional 5 free spins are awarded. - Scatters pay during base game and free spins according to the Paytable. - During free spins both Cascade Multipliers and Sticky Multipliers can appear. - Cascade Multipliers have values of between x2 and x100 and remain on screen for the duration of a cascade sequence and are then removed. - Sticky Multipliers have values of between x2 and x5 and remain on screen for the remainder of the free spins. - At the end of a cascade sequence, the total cascade win is multiplied by the sum of all Cascade Multipliers and Sticky Multipliers. Buy Into Bonus - Players can opt to buy their way into the Sweet Free Spins bonus feature - The opt-in cost is displayed on the button and is equivalent to 100x the player’s current bet level. - The player will be awarded 10 free spins. - Not available in all jurisdictions. Double Chance - Players can opt to pay extra to double the chance of triggering the bonus feature on any single paid spin. - The cost is displayed on the Double Chance button and is equivalent to 25% more than the player’s current bet level. GAME SETTINGS AND REGULATORY Current time The game client shows the current time at all times (in the bottom left of the screen). The time is acquired from the player’s computer or device system clock. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. - The process of managing unfinished game rounds. - The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded Last modification date: 2/7/2023