Wild Extravanganza Wild Gold is a 5x3, 10-payline videoslot with a loud, vivid theme which pays left to right, right to left or in the middle, and which features multiplying wilds which can stack on three of the five reels. The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is 96.15% Game Rules 5x3 videoslot with 10 fixed paylines. The reels have 9 symbols, 8 regular symbols and the Wild Gold symbol. The player is paid for matches of 3 or more symbols landing on adjacent reels (see Paytable). Each payline is evaluated and paid from left to right, or right to left, or in the middle of the reels depending on which of these provides the largest possible payout. Only the highest matching combinations per winning line is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added and paid. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Game Features Multiplying Wilds The ‘Wild Gold’ A Wild Gold symbol that exists on reels 1, 3 and 5. The Wild Gold symbol substitutes any symbol to create the highest possible win on a payline If involved in a winning combination, the Wild Gold symbol will reveal itself to be a x2, x3 or x7 wild multiplier. All winnings with a substituting Wild Gold symbol are multiplied with the corresponding multiplier. Wins with the same Wild Gold symbol on different paylines have the same multiplier. In the case of more than one multiplier in a win, the multipliers multiply together. Card Gamble The card gamble can be entered by clicking the card gamble button after a win. The player can gamble their win by clicking on a suit colour (red or black) or a suit symbol (hearts, spades, clubs or diamonds). The game will then reveal a random card. In the case of a suit colour gamble, if the player’s choice matches the colour of the revealed card then they win double their bet. Picking either a Red or Black card, there is a 50/50 chance of winning. In the case of a suit symbol gamble, if the player’s choice matches the suit symbol of the revealed card then they win quadruple their bet. The history shows the last 5 cards to be drawn of the current gamble game. Players can choose to collect their winnings or to gamble it again. If the player’s choice is incorrect, the gamble amount will be lost and the game is finished, returning the player to the main slot game. The card gamble option is available when the 4x the current game round win amount is less than or equal to a maximum of $30,000.00. The maximum win for Card Gamble is the amount Additional Information The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 3/5/2024