Fisherdog's Fortune RANDOM WILDS During the base game, Random Wilds with multipliers may land anytime on the reels. Once landed, Random Wilds take a random multiplier value from x1 to x7. CASH COLLECT During the game, landing [Fishing Rod Symbol image] symbols together with Dog symbols triggers Cash Collect feature. After triggered, Dog symbols with Fishing Rod collect all cash prizes on Fish symbols on the screen. During the game, Fishing Rod symbols can only land on the 1st and / or 5 th reels. After landing, they are assigned to dog symbols randomly to collect all cash prizes on Fish symbols on the screen. Cash prizes on Fish symbols are a multiplier of the total current bet. Possible Cash prizes on Fish symbols are: 2x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x and 100x total current bet. If a [Fishing Rod Symbol image] symbol assigned to a Random Wild with multiplier, then collected cash prizes will be multiplied by that multiplier. At most 2 [Fishing Rod Symbol image] symbols can land on the reels on the same spin. Landed Fishing Rod symbol can be assigned only to one random Dog symbol. When there are 2 Fishing Rod symbols with 2 or more Dog symbols on the screen, Fishing Rod symbols are assigned to random 2 Dog symbols. Then, each Dog symbols with Fishing Rod will separately collect Cash prizes on Fish symbols on the screen. Dog symbols cannot have more than one Fishing Rod at a time, during the game. WHEEL OF FORTUNE When 3 [Scatter Symbol image] symbols land during the base game, the Wheel of Fortune is triggered before Free Spins. Wheel of Fortune determines the number of free spins and the initial value of the multipliers for Wild symbols in free spins. The Wheel can award number of free spins from 7 to 15 and the initial multiplier of Wild symbols from x1 to x3 randomly. FREE SPINS Free Spins begin with the awarded prizes after the Wheel of Fortune ends. During free spins, all landed Wilds become sticky for the rest of free spins round. As in the base game, landed Fishing Rods on the 1st and / or 5th reels will be assigned to random Dog symbols on the screen, including Wilds with Multipliers. Then all Cash prizes on Fish symbols will be collected on the screen. Once a Wild with multiplier symbol has the Fishing Rod, it will collect all Cash prizes on the screen for the rest of free spins. Moreover, collected Cash prizes on Fish symbols will be multiplied with the current multiplier of the Wild symbol. During Free Spins, the meter appears above the reels. Each landed [Scatter Symbol image] symbol hits the meter and enables an award. Every 4th,8th and 12th [Scatter Symbol image] symbol collected, awards an additional x1 multiplier to all Wild symbols on the screen, and those will land. The rest hits award an additional +1 free spin. There will be no award after hitting the last level on the meter. GOLDEN BET Golden Bet is active during the base game. Once activated, Golden Bet doubles the chance of triggering Free Spins. Golden Bet costs 1.25x the total current bet. BUY FREE SPINS Free Spins can be purchased anytime during the base game by clicking on “Buy Free Spins” option. It costs 80x the total current bet. Buy Feature may not be available on all markets. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/26/2025