The Spanish Life The Spanish Life is an amazing 5x3, medium volatility videoslot based around the alluring and soothing aesthetics of the traditional Spanish countryside. The game pays Left-To-Right only on 10 possible paylines and delivers an enticing Bonus Buy Feature which triggers a Free Spins game in exchange for a one time fee. Return To Player (RTP): 96.03% GAME RULES The reelset panel is 5x3 There are 10 fixed pay lines, paying left-to-right for matches of 2 or more symbols according to the Paytable. The paytable multipliers apply to the total bet amount. There are 12 symbols, 4 high-paying, 6 low-paying, 1 scatter and 1 wild. The Wild symbol is only present during free spins. The Scatter symbol is only present during the base game. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scatter symbol. All of the 4 Wine Bottle symbols can combine to create winlines and the payouts are the same regardless of the types of bottles forming the winline. Landing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols awards 10, 15 and respectively 25 free spins. There are no scatter wins. The scatter symbol in the regular game mode present in all reels, and the wild symbol during free spins mode, is present in 2,3,4 and 5 No additional free spins can be obtained while in a free spins session. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Free Spins Mode. The bet level is set using the bet level selector. If available, Autoplay will automatically play the game following the rule set established by the player prior to its activation. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added and paid. GAME FEATURES FREE SPINS The Free Spins mode can be accessed by landing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols. The number of free spins awarded (10, 15 or 25) is directly related to the number of Scatter symbols landed (3, 4 or 5). During Free Spins the Wild symbol will replace the regularly occurring Scatter symbol. There are no additional free spins awarded during the Free Spins Mode. During Free Spins the Wild symbol will substitute for any normal symbol. In the Free Spins Mode the 4 wine bottles will have predetermined Cash Values assigned to them. The Wild symbol will trigger a Cash Wins for any of the four wine bottle symbols. These payments will happen regardless of the symbols' positions. The game will resolve in order payline wins followed by cash wins. The total amount won during Free Spins can be gambled in Card Gamble or Ladder Gamble. During freespins, Wine Bottle cash value paytable multipliers apply to the total bet amount. During freespins, All of the 4 Wine Bottle symbols can combine to create win lines and the payouts are the same regardless of the types of bottles forming the win line. BUY IN TO BONUS (not available in all jurisdictions) The Bonus Buy feature can be accessed at any time while in the base slot game by clicking the Bonus Buy button. The Bonus Buy feature automatically triggers a spin with 3 guaranteed-to-land scatter symbols. The free the player needs to pay to access this feature is 100x the bet value. The Free Spins session triggered abides by the Free Spins Feature rules. GAMBLE LADDER The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button after a win. The player's stake (win from normal game) dictates their starting position on the ladder The player can gamble their win by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of a win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in the case of a loss, on the highlighted lower one. Players can opt to use the Gamble Ladder to potentially increase any single base game win or the total winnings from free spins. Players can choose to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step; the rest remains available as the new Gamble Amount and can still be gambled. Where the player enters the gamble feature with a stake that is not a value on the ladder, then the probability of winning or losing is proportional to the gamble amount, and the gamble win. The maximum cap value for gamble is 150.00 if the starting win amount is =150. CARD GAMBLE The card gamble can be entered by clicking the card gamble button after a win. The player can gamble their win by clicking on a suit colour (red or black) or a suit symbol (hearts, spades, clubs or diamonds). The game will then reveal a random card. In the case of a suit colour gamble, if the player’s choice matches the colour of the revealed card then they win double their bet. Picking either a Red or Black card, there is a 50/50 chance of winning. In the case of a suit symbol gamble, if the player’s choice matches the suit symbol of the revealed card then they win quadruple their bet. The history shows the last 5 cards to be drawn of the current gamble game. Players can choose to collect their winnings or to gamble it again. If the player’s choice is incorrect, the gamble amount will be lost and the game is finished, returning the player to the main slot game. The card gamble option is available when the 4x the current game round win amount is less than or equal to a maximum of 30,000 The maximum win for Card Gamble is the amount GAME FUNCTIONS SPIN BUTTON Click to start a game round at the current bet value. SPIN BUTTON (DURING SPIN) Click to rapidly stop the reel animations or any win animations. This does not stop autoplay. AUTOPLAY BUTTON Click to open the autoplay pop-up menu. (not available in all jurisdictions) AUTOPLAY BUTTON (WITH AUTOPLAY ACTIVE) The number displays how many autoplay spins remain. Click to stop autoplay. BET AMOUNT BUTTON Click to open the bet amount pop-up menu. COLLECT BUTTON Click to collect wins without spinning again CARD GAMBLE Click to open the card gamble feature LADDER GAMBLE Click to open the ladder gamble option LADDER GAMBLE BUTTON Click to gamble on the gamble ladder. SPLIT BUTTON Click to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step (Split is only available for Gamble Amounts that correspond to the exact value presented on the gamble ladder). TAKE WIN BUTTON Click to take winnings and have them added to the balance. BUY INTO BONUS Press to advance directly to the Free Spin Mode. The cost of this feature is displayed inside the text area of the button. (Not available in all jurisdictions). MENU BUTTON Click to open the settings, paytable and game rules. AUDIO BUTTON Click to toggle all audio on/off. POP-UP MENUS Bet Amount The bet amount pop-up menu displays all available bet/line and payline options. The currently selected amount is highlighted white. The player can also click on the ‘Back’ icon, to return to the main game screen without making any changes to the bet amount. Autoplay (not available in all jurisdictions) The autoplay pop-up menu allows the player to select a number of spins to autoplay. To do so, the player clicks on one of the available spin number options. This button will then highlight white. The player must then set a loss limit (must be greater than 0) and then click on the spin button to confirm their intention. The menu is then hidden and the player is returned to the main game screen, with autoplay active. Gamble is not available during autoplay, however, the player may opt to gamble any winnings awarded on the final spin. The player may also choose to set optional conditions to automatically stop autoplay. These include: Stop autoplay on a single win of a player-stipulated value. Stop autoplay if the balance increases by the amount the player specifies. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay is not available in all jurisdictions. GAME SETTINGS AND REGULATORY Current time The game client shows the current time at all times (in the bottom left of the screen). The time is acquired from the player’s computer or device system clock. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 6/21/2024