Wilds of Wall Street 2 Wilds Of Wall Street 2 is a 5x5 videoslot with a ‘ways’ pays mechanic and expanding reels. The game features Expanding Reels and Wilds in the base mode, and Free Spins in which additional Wilds can be added to the reels. The game offers wins in excess of 7,500x total bet. The theoretical return to player through 1 billion simulated game plays is: 95.66% Return To Player (RTP) Buy In To Bonus: 95.94% GAME RULES - The reels have 12 symbols comprising 5 high-paying, 6 low-paying and a Wild. - The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. - The game is played with an initial 1x3x5x3x1 configuration (45 ways), expanding eventually to 5x5 (3,125 ways) after 5 consecutive wins. - The blocks are cleared in the following order: 3x3x5x3x1 On the first reel from the left of the panel after 1 win 3x3x5x3x3 - On the first reel from the right of the panel after 2 wins 3x5x5x5x3 - On the second reel from the right and left of the panel after 3 wins 5x5x5x5x3 - On the first reel from the left of the panel after 4 wins 5x5x5x5x5 - On the first reel from the right of the panel after 5 wins - AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. - The player is paid from left to right for matches of 3 or more symbols landing on adjacent reels (see Paytable). - Only the highest matching combinations per winning way is paid - Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different winning ways are added and paid. - Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. GAME FEATURES Base Game Respins - A win in a paid base game spin will result in an expanded reelset (more ways) and a free re-spin. - If a free re-spin results in a losing panel, The wild meter returns to “0” and the game reverts to the starting configuration. - After 6 consecutive wins, the Free Spins feature is triggered. Wild Symbol - The wild symbol can appear only on reels 2,3,4 or 5 in both base and freespin mode. - The wild symbol which substitutes for any symbol. Wild Wolf Collection A Wild Meter counts instances of wilds that appear in any single game round (the initial paid-for spin and any subsequent free re-spins). - If the player triggers the free spins bonus game, then the total number of wilds accumulated are used to determine the number of initial guaranteed free spins. - The player will receive 2 initial guaranteed free spins for each Wild collected. - If the player collected 0 Wilds, then they will receive 1 initial guaranteed free spin. - The Wild Meter is reset to zero in the event of any losing base game spin or re-spin. Free Spins - Free spins commence with any initial guaranteed free spins awarded by the Wild Wolf Collection feature - Once the guaranteed free spins have been played, three closing bell icons are displayed. - The closing bell can be randomly rung once in any free spin that is not an initial guaranteed free spin. - After the closing bell has been rung 3 times, the current spin is completed and thenthe free spins bonus game comes to an end. Bear or Bull Market - Each free spin is randomly determined to be either a ‘Bear’ or ‘Bull’ market. - In the case of a Bull market, one or more Wilds are added to one or more reels to increase the chances of them appearing in a reel panel. - The Wilds are placed at random and cannot overlap previously placed Wilds. - These wilds remain added to the reels for all subsequent free spins. - In the case of a Bear market, no additional Wilds are added to the panel. - The free spins starts with 2 wilds already on the reels, though not necessarily displaying in the panel. Buy Into Bonus - Players can opt to buy their way into the free spins - The cost is displayed under the button and is determined according to the player’s current bet level - The player will be randomly awarded either 8, 10, 12 or 14 initial guaranteed free spins. - Not available in all jurisdictions. Autoplay The autoplay pop-up menu allows the player to select a number of spins to autoplay. To do so, the player clicks on one of the available spin number options. This button will then highlight white. The player must then set a loss limit (must be greater than 0) and then click on the spin button to confirm their intention. The menu is then hidden and the player is returned to the main game screen, with autoplay active.The player may also choose to set optional conditions to automatically stop autoplay. These include: - Stop autoplay on a single win of a player-stipulated value. - Stop autoplay if the balance increases by the amount the player specifies. - Stop autoplay upon entering free spinsNote: If you are disconnected while playing, all autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. GAME SETTINGS AND REGULATOR The game client shows the current time at all times (in the bottom left of the screen). The time is acquired from the player’s computer or device system clock. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. - The process of managing unfinished game rounds. - The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded Last modification date: 12/20/2022