Piggy Gold Coins GAME RULES EXPANDING WILDS WITH MULTIPLIERS ● During the game, each reel has a Wild counter above it. Landing each Wild symbol is added to its respective Wild counter above. ● Collecting 2 Wild symbols on a reel triggers Expanding Wilds with random multipliers on that reel. Once triggered, the reel on which the feature was triggered will become Wild with random Multiplier for the next 2 spins. After 2 spins, the corresponding meter resets. ● Changing bet levels resets the progress of Wild collection. Returning to a previous bet level will restore the progress linked to that bet amount. There are two kinds of Expanded Wilds: ● Mr. Piggy Expanded Wild has a multiplier with values ranging from 4x to 10x, randomly. ● Ms. Piggy Expanded Wild has a multiplier with values ranging from 2x to 5x, randomly. During the game, multipliers are added up to each other when there is a win including more than one Expanding Wilds. RISING PRIZEPOTS ● Landed any Piggy Gold Coin symbols increase one of randomly chosen Prizepot award. ● During the game, Prizepot values scale with bet level changes. ● During the game, landing Piggy Gold Coin symbols may trigger Prizepot Bonus Game anytime, randomly. There are 4 Prizepots in the game and they rise during base game, as the following: ● Mini Prizepot: Starts with 10x, rising up to 50x total current bet. ● Major Prizepot: Starts with 50x, rising up to 250x total current bet. ● Mega Prizepot: Starts with 100x, rising up to 500x total current bet. ● Grand Prizepot: Starts with 500x, rising up to 2000x total current bet. PIGGY WHEEL ● When 3 Scatter symbols land during the base game, the Piggy Wheel is triggered before Free Spins. ● Piggy Wheel determines the number of free spins and the total multiplier during free spins. ● The Wheel can award the number of free spins from 10 to 20 and the total multiplier of free spins from 2x to 5x randomly. ● Awarded multiplier first multiplies all Prizepot awards in the trigger spin, before Free Spins. And then, it becomes the total multiplier during Free Spins. FREE SPINS ● Free Spins begin with the awarded prizes after the Piggy Wheel ends. ● During free spins, collecting 2 Wild symbols on a reel triggers Expanding Wilds Respins. Any triggered Expanded Wild with random Multiplier on a reel stays for 2 respins. After 2 respins, the corresponding meter resets. ● Total Multiplier awarded from Piggy Wheel multiplies all line winnings with its value if there are no Expanded Wilds on the reels. Otherwise, Total Multiplier boosts multipliers of Expanded Wilds as its value added to Multiplier(s) of Expanded Wilds when any winning occurs. ● Prizepot awards, multiplied by the total multiplier won from the Piggy Wheel, can be triggered any time randomly, during Free Spins by landing Piggy Gold Coin symbols. BUY FREE SPINS ● Free Spins can be purchased anytime during the base game by clicking on the “Buy Free Spins” option. ● It costs 100x the total current bet. ● Buy Feature may not be available on all markets. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. PAYTABLE WILD ● Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Piggy Gold Coins symbols. SCATTER ● During the base game, landing 3 Scatter symbols trigger the Piggy Wheel before Free Spins. ● Scatters can only land on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th reels. PIGGY GOLD COIN SYMBOL ● During the game, landed Piggy Gold Coin symbols increase random Prizepot prizes and may trigger Prizepot Bonus randomly. LINES ● 25 fixed lines paying left to right. ● Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different lines are added. ● Each line pays out the biggest winning combination per line. ● The Paylines are evaluated left-to-right on adjacent reels starting on the leftmost reel according to the paytable. ● All Wild multipliers are applied on the payline in which they appear, they are added up on corresponding winning lines. ● Game pays based on the total bet. GAME RTP ● The RTP of "Piggy Gold Coins” is 96.16%. ● The RTP of the Buy Bonus is 95.92%. ● The base game average RTP was determined by Monte Carlo simulation of 500 million regular bet spins by taking the total amount won and dividing it by the total amount bet. ● The buy bonus average RTP of the buy bonus was determined by Monte Carlo simulation of 500 million buy bonus rounds by taking the total amount won and dividing it by the total amount bet. Malfunction voids all plays and pays.