Wild Willy's Gold Rush Wild Willy’s Gold Rush is a 5 reel by 3 rows 20 lines videoslot featuring symbol multipliers and a free spins bonus with increasing multiplier and extra free spins via wild whiskey collections [Wild Willy] substitutes for all symbols except for the free spins [Free Spins] and the scatter prize amounts in the free spins. Wild does not substitute for the Golden Nugget symbol in the base game nor in the free spins. The actual payouts equals the sum of the dynamic paytable values corresponding to each line won. Simultaneous or coinciding line wins as well as scatter wins, if any, are added. Golden Nugget Multipliers Each spin a random symbol is displayed above the reels If there are any line wins with a symbol matching the reel above, they are multiplied by 3x If the golden nugget symbol is won and the above reel also lands a golden nugget, the golden nugget win is multiplied by 20x The win multiplier is only applied to the winning lines matching the symbol above This feature only occurs in the base game Wild and Scatter are never displayed as the random symbol above the reels Free Spins 3, 4, or 5 more [Free Spin] triggers the free spins with 8, 12 or 15 free spins respectively A meter of empty whiskey glasses appears above the reels Each [Wild Willy] symbol that lands on the reels fills up a whiskey glass Filling up more whiskey glasses awards more free spins and a higher game multiplier Filling 3 whiskey glasses awards +5 free spins and a 3x multiplier Filling 7 whiskey glasses awards +5 free spins and a 5x multiplier Filling 11 whiskey glasses awards +5 free spins and a 20x multiplier After 11 or more wilds have landed and all whiskey glasses are full, no more extra free spins or extra multiplier increases can be awarded. Free Spins cannot be retriggered as there are not any [Free Spins] symbols on the reels during the free spins. Multipliers awarded are applied to the spin they have been awarded on and all future free spins remaining. Free spins are played at the same bet level and number of lines as the triggering base game spin. Golden Nugget Cash Prizes During Free Spins During the free spins, [Golden Nugget] symbols become cash prizes if at least one Wild Willy symbol and at least one Golden Nugget symbol lands on the reels on the same spin, each Wild symbol collects each Golden Nugget scatter prize amount, awarding the sum of all the collected scatter prizes If a multiplier amount of 3x 5x or 20x has been reached, the scatter cash prizes on the reels is also pre multiplied in addition to any line wins. Scatter payout range initially is from 2 to 25 times stake but depends on the number of whiskeys collected as the multiplier increases the range During Free spin, Golden Nugget Symbols will pay only cash prizes not line wins RTP The theoretical Return to player for the game is 94.06% Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 8/1/2023