Armadillo Goes West About the Game Armadillo Goes West is a 4 row by 5 reel, 25 fixed lines game paying left to right featuring a variety of random features, a free spins bonus, a trail bonus, and a top prizepot. The actual payout equals the sum of the dynamic paytable values corresponding to each line won. Simultaneous or coinciding wins are added. All wins occur on lines only, except the bonus scatter and the free spin scatter which award bonuses for landing 3 or more of the same scatter anywhere. Malfunction voids all pays and play Wild The Wild Substitutes for all symbols except for [Bonus Scatter] and [Free Spin Scatter] Each line pays out the longest winning combination per line Random Features At the begging of each spin, there is a chance of triggering the following features before the reels stop spinning Random Wilds – Random positions on the reels are substituted with wild symbols. From 1 to 4 wilds can be awarded from each trigger. Wild Reel – Every position on Randomly selected Reels are substituted with wild symbols. From 1 to 3 wild reels can be awarded from each trigger. Colossal Reels – Randomly selected adjacent reels will fuse together larger reel. The fused reels spin larger images on the reels. Every position that the larger image occupies counts as an individual 1x1 symbol on the reels for determining wins on the lines after the reels stop. Fused Reels range from creating 2x2, 3x3, or 4x4 big symbols during the feature. Random Multiplier – A Random multiplier of 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x is displayed at beginning of spin and applies to all line wins. Furthermore, after each reel spin the following features may also be triggered Symbol Upgrade – All of a lower symbol chosen at random that is visible on the reels are upgraded to a randomly selected higher paying symbol. The number of symbols upgraded equals the number of the lower symbol chosen that are on the reels. For example, if the lower symbol chosen is the spade, and there are 4 spades on the screen, 4 symbols are upgraded. Repeat Win – A winning spin repeats for free from 2 to 5 times. Instant Win – Awards a random credit amount from 1x to 100x The random features will not be applied over any free spin, wild, or bonus symbols. Random wild symbols will not overlay the bonus or scatter symbol present on the game panel Random wild symbols can not be placed over the wild, scatter, or bonus symbols Wild Reel and Colossal reels can not be awarded during a spin that triggers the trail bonus nor during a spin that triggers the free spins bonus It is impossible to trigger both the free spins and the trail bonus on the same spin Trail Bonus 3 or more [Bonus Scatter] triggers the trail bonus. Landing bonus scatters do not give a base game payout. During the trail bonus our Armadillo begins at the start of a game board with a trail of spaces each with an award, feature, or a snake. A pistol is repeatedly loaded with a random number of bullets from 1 to 6 which corresponds to the number of spaces Armadillo moves rightward, landing on the spaces on the trail again and again like in a board game. After each random move from 1 to 6, the player is given the item on the space landed. This process continues until the player lands on a snake with 0 hearts remaining. Alternatively, if the player makes it to the end of the trail, there is a prizepot award of 2000x which will be awarded while simultaneously ending the bonus. The Armadillo begins with 0 hearts. The following items on the game space includes: [Coins] – Awards credit amounts displayed on the space. Credit amount range from 1x – 200x which can be doubled to 2x-400x after landing on the [Double] item [Double] - Doubles all the credit amounts on the board including the prizepot [Forward x Spaces] – The player will be moved up a amount of spaces randomly chosen from 1 to 6. The random new space landed on is awarded, including the snake symbol which can terminate the bonus. [Back x Spaces] – the player will be moved back a random amount of spaces randomly chosen from 1 to 6. The random new space landed on is awarded, including the snake symbol which can terminate the bonus. [Spin Upgrade] – The number of spaces the Armadillo moves for the rest of the trail bonus is 2 times the number of bullets rolled each turn [Heart] – The players is awarded an additional heart. The player starts the bonus with 0 hearts, and if the Armadillo lands on a snake, a heart is used up and the Armadillo will continue the bonus. If the Armadillo lands on a snake with no hearts remaining the bonus ends. [Sonic Roll] – Next bullet roll after landing on this item collects all awards. For example, if 5 bullets are rolled, all 5 awards are collected, not just the one 5 spaces away. There is not a snake in front of the sonic roll, thus the sonic roll will never result in a snake ending the bonus. [Award all credits] - Awards all [Sheriff Coins] that are within 1, 2, or 3 positions from this item. The random range amount from 1 to 3 when landing on the item is determined randomly from a weighted table. [Trail Prizepot] – Trail Completion prize of 2000x bet if you make it to the end of the trail. Win amount can also be doubled to 4000x from [double] item. [Snake] – Landing on a snake will end the bonus unless the armadillo has accumulated a heart in which case an accumulated heart is lost and the trail bonus continues. The trail bonus is paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. The trail bonus can not be retriggered. Combo Feature Free Spins 3 or more [Free Spin Scatter] Symbols triggers the Combo Feature Free Spins 3 Free Games are played. During each free game the random feature is guaranteed every spin. Multiple features have a very high chance of triggering on the same spin. Freespins are paid according to the bet amount prior to entering Freespins Mode. spins bonus can not be retriggered. Golden Bet Press [Golden Bet] to increase the probability of triggering random features in the base game in exchange for an extra ante bet equal to 60% the amount already bet. Buy Bonus Press the [Buy Bonus] button to enter the bonus buy confirmation screen. Choose the stake of the bonus and press [Buy] to confirm a bet of 42x bet and automatically enter the Trail Bonus. The RTP of the Buy Bonus is 94.47%. Buy Feature may not be available on all markets RTP The regular game has a theoretical RTP of 91.88 % without using the golden bet. When using the Golden Bet the game has a theoretical RTP of 92.12% Last modification date: 12/16/2022