Fruit Hot Bonanza Fruit Hot Bonanza is a 5x3 videoslot with low-medium volatility placed in the deeps of the Earth where diamonds and other precious stones are lying all around ready to be picked! The game features Expanding Wilds, Gamble with Ladder and Double Up. Return To Player (RTP): 95.88% GAME RULES There are 5 selectable pay lines, paying left-to-right. There are 11 symbols. 4 high-paying, 4 low-paying, a Wild and 2 Scatters. The total bet level is set using the Bet Amount menu. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different paylines are added. GAME FEATURES Wild Symbol Reel 2, 3 and 4 can contain a Wild Symbol. The Wild symbol expands on the entire reel if there is a possible winning combination and replaced any symbol except scatter symbols. A maximum of 3 Wild symbols can land on a single spin. SCATTER SYMBOLS The DOLLAR Any reel can contain a DOLLAR scatter symbol. The DOLLAR scatter symbol pays out if 3, 4 or 5 instances of the symbol land anywhere on the reels. The STAR Reels 1, 3 and 5 can contain a STAR scatter symbol. The STAR scatter symbol pays out for 3 instances of the symbol. GAMBLE LADDER The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button after a win. The player's stake (win from normal game) dictates their starting position on the ladder The player can gamble their win by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of a win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in the case of a loss, on the highlighted lower one. Players can opt to use the Gamble Ladder to potentially increase any single base game win or the total winnings from free spins. Players can choose to collect an amount equal to the current highlighted step minus the lower step; the rest remains available as the new Gamble Amount and can still be gambled. Where the player enters the gamble feature with a stake that is not a value on the ladder, then the probability of winning or losing is proportional to the gamble amount, and the gamble win. The maximum cap value for gamble is 150.00 if the starting win amount is =150. CARD GAMBLE The card gamble can be entered by clicking the card gamble button after a win. The player can gamble their win by clicking on a suit colour (red or black) or a suit symbol (hearts, spades, clubs or diamonds). The game will then reveal a random card. In the case of a suit colour gamble, if the player’s choice matches the colour of the revealed card then they win double their bet. Picking either a Red or Black card, there is a 50/50 chance of winning. In the case of a suit symbol gamble, if the player’s choice matches the suit symbol of the revealed card then they win quadruple their bet. The history shows the last 5 cards to be drawn of the current gamble game. Players can choose to collect their winnings or to gamble it again. If the player’s choice is incorrect, the gamble amount will be lost and the game is finished, returning the player to the main slot game. The card gamble option is available when the 4x the current game round win amount is less than or equal to a maximum of 30,000 The maximum win for Card Gamble is the amount POP-UP MENUS Bet Amount The bet amount pop-up menu displays all available bet/line and payline options. The currently selected amount is highlighted white. The player can also click on the ‘Back’ icon, to return to the main game screen without making any changes to the bet amount. Autoplay The autoplay pop-up menu allows the player to select a number of spins to autoplay. To do so, the player clicks on one of the available spin number options. This button will then highlight white. The player must then set a loss limit (must be greater than 0) and then click on the spin button to confirm their intention. The menu is then hidden and the player is returned to the main game screen, with autoplay active. Gamble is not available during autoplay, however, the player may opt to gamble any winnings awarded on the final spin. The player may also choose to set optional conditions to automatically stop autoplay. These include: Stop autoplay on a single win of a player-stipulated value. Stop autoplay if the balance increases by the amount the player specifies. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay is not available in all jurisdictions. GAME SETTINGS AND REGULATORY Current time The game client shows the current time at all times (in the bottom left of the screen). The time is acquired from the player’s computer or device system clock. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following processes may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. The process of managing unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions are automatically ended. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 6/7/2024