Super Sally's Shrimpmania HIGHLIGHTS Super Sally's Shrimpmania is a 15 line slot played on a 5x3 grid. Collect 3 bonus symbols to enter the Bucket Bonus, choose up to 4 buckets, all with multiple prize shrimp inside. Progress your bonus further with Grab a' Crab, Shrimp Shack, and Gone Fishing extra bonuses. Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win paid on each payline. BUCKET BONUS Collect 3 Bonus symbols on a winning line to activate the Bucket Bonus. Your bonus symbols will turn into pick options. Depending on your pick you will be awarded 2, 3, or 4 buckets. When you enter the bonus you can choose any of the 9 available buckets up to the amount you were awarded in your picks. Sally will then empty the buckets and see which prizes you have won. You may be awarded shrimp piles for wins, Play Again for an extra chance to earn more shrimp, or one of the sub bonuses. Each bucket containing shrimp piles awards 2 to 3 piles, and each pile awards 0.50 to 20.00. Once all prizes have been pulled from the trap your total for each bucket will be added together for the chance to win big. GRAB A' CRAB A pick bonus which allows you to pick a crab to earn a multiplier from 2x to 4x. This multiplier will be added to your accumulated wins at the end of the Bucket Bonus. SHRIMP SHACK Select an option from the menu to win from 2.00 to 30.00. This win will be added to your accumulated wins at the end of the Bucket Bonus. GONE FISHING BONUS Help Larry find which boat Sally is on. Select a boat to win 1.00 to 10.00. Continue picking boats until you find Sally. Once Sally is found the Bucket Bonus will resume. These wins will be added to your accumulated wins at the end of the Bucket Bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME CONTROLS USER INTERFACE AND MENUS BALANCE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current bet amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytable, Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note: Some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality. DEPOSIT: Add funds to account (available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. BET MINUS: Reduce current stake before pressing spin. BET PLUS: Increase current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spins and press 'START' to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spins are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or insufficient balance. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: - Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. - Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using 'stoploss' limits, or when winning above certain amounts. Last modification date: 7/29/2025