Colossal Heat Sticky Credits COLOSSAL HEATTM STICKY CREDITSTM BASIC GAME RULES Bet a minimum of 5 credits to play all 5 paylines. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. DURING BASE GAME: All wins are on an active payline. All pays are on or within one position of first payline. Only highest line win paid on each active payline. Wins on different paylines are added. 3 appearing on an active pay line awards the Sticky Credits feature with 3 re-spins. 3X3 reel changes to 5X3 reel for the Sticky Credits feature. During the feature, 3 gets randomly placed on any of the 15 positions and gets locked for the remaining spins. Upon completion of the feature, the game returns to 3X3 reel. Only are active during the feature. from the base game are changed randomly to one of the available cash prizes or jackpot prizes before the Sticky Credits feature starts. During Sticky Credits feature, each appears with one of the available cash prizes or jackpot prizes. Cash prizes over are $200, $100, $50, $25, $20, $10, $5, $3.75, $2.50, $1.25. Jackpot prizes over are Major, Minor and Mini. Press spin to start each re-spin. Each symbol position is a separate reel during the feature. No line wins are available during the feature. The additional appearing during the re-spins will be locked into the respective reel positions for the remaining re-spins. If one or more additional appears, the number of re-spins remaining is reset to 3. The feature ends when either no re-spins remain, or all 15 positions have . Grand Jackpot is awarded when all 15 positions have . After the completion of the feature, all the cash prizes and jackpot prizes are added together. BASE GAME PAY TABLE • One multiplies the win by 2 when in a winning combination, except for pays already shown. • Two multiplies the win by 4 when in a winning combination, except for pays already shown. • In a winning combination, is wild and substitutes for all symbols except and . • In a winning combination , is wild and substitutes for all symbols except and . BASE GAME PAY TABLE All payline wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel except . BASE GAME RULES Symbols must align centered on the paylines to qualify as winning symbols. If symbols are only partially on the payline then it is not in a winning position. In the example below, the lines provide a clear depiction of where symbols must be located. There is 1 qualifying symbol on top line, 2 on middle line and 1 on the bottom line. PAYLINES COLOSSAL HEATTM STICKY CREDITSTM Last modification date: 9/21/2022