Alpha Gold GAME RULES Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Payouts are calculated to winning ways. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Where applicable, Buy Bonus may be available in the game. There are 2 Buy Bonus options, the Alpha respins with RTP of 96.00% which costs BGG 50.00, and Golden Free Spins with RTP 96.01% which costs BGG 100.00 When selecting to buy the respective bonus, the cost displayed will be removed from your available cash balance. The base game is played as a 5x4 game with 1024 ways. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and coin symbol. Wild can land on reels 2,3 and 4. ALPHA RESPINS Land 6 or more of the Coin symbols to trigger the Alpha Respins bonus. The Respin bonus will start with feature trigger Coin symbols locked in place. 3 Respins are awarded. Coin symbols will value from 0.5x to 250x. If 1 or more Coin symbols land, the respins will be reset to 3 and the Coin symbols will be locked into their positions for the remainder of the feature. The feature ends when remaining respins is 0 or all of the slot are filled, triggering the Alpha Super Bonus. The total win will be the sum of all values on locked in Coin symbols In the event that Alpha Respins and Golden Free Spins are triggered simultaneously in Base Game, the Alpha Respins are played first. Alpha Respins can be triggered within the Golden Free Spins. ALPHA SUPER BONUS When the entire board is filled with Coin symbols, ALL coin values shown will be replaced by the highest Coin value collected on screen! During respin, only coins can land. MIDAS COLLECTION If less than 6 coins land on the reels, the value of the coins might still be collected, without triggering the Respins. This is random, except in Golden Free Spins, where any coin that did not trigger Alpha respins, is always collected and paid out. Midas coin collection is not applicable for win multipliers. GOLDEN FREE SPINS Golden Free Spins is triggered when 3 or more Midas Hand Scatters symbols land in Base Game. 3,4 or 5 Scatter symbols awards 12, 18 or 24 Free Spins. For every new scatter that lands, +1 new free spin is added. Inside Golden Free Spins, every win cascade achieved raises the win multiplier. The starting multiplier is x1. The multiplier values for cascades are x1, x2, x5, x7, x10 This win multiplier table remains throughout Golden Free Spins until all free spins have been completed. The value of the current free spin win will be multiplied by the displayed multiplier. The win multiplier is not available in Base Game. Alpha Respins can be triggered within Golden Free Spins. Coin Value is dynamic to bet. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only highest win is paid for each way symbol combination. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. MAX WIN RULES The total credit win of all game states and included features is limited to a maximum of 6000 x Total Bet. If the total win of a round reaches the maximum win amount, the round immediately ends, the win is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. 1024 WAYS Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Winning symbols are removed from the reels, with new symbols falling in from above. This continues until no additional wins can be formed. QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 9/10/2024