Jolly Leprechaun Game Rules The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. POT SYMBOL POT SYMBOL on or above 3 or more consecutive reels from leftmost to right awards all prizes on those POT SYMBOL. EXTRA POT FEATURE The EXTRA POT FEATURE can be randomly triggered during the base game. POT SYMBOL will appear above 2 or more consecutive reels from leftmost reel to right. Pot above a reel functions the same as POT SYMBOL appearing on a reel and contributes to winning combinations. DIAMOND SPIN FEATURE Diamond appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. EXTRA POT FEATURE and Diamond appearing on or above 3 or more consecutive reels from leftmost to right triggers the DIAMOND SPIN FEATURE. All wins except Pot prizes are evaluated and paid. BONUS WHEEL FEATURE When all 15 positions are not blank in the DIAMOND SPIN, the BONUS WHEEL FEATURE will be awarded. A wheel containing 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, MAJOR and GRAND will appear. Press the SPIN button to spin the wheel. If 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x or 10x is selected by the wheel, the prizes on the 15 positions will be multiplied by the indicated multiplier and be awarded. If MAJOR or GRAND is selected by the wheel, MAJOR or GRAND will be awarded in addition to all prizes on the 15 positions. BUY BONUS The Diamond Spin Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. 243 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 12/17/2024