Elevating Riches Flame Game Rules The base game contains up to 243+ ways to win. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Scatter wins pay in any position. The game starts with 3 symbols on 5 reels. Reel height is saved differently for each bet level. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. substitutes for all symbols except , , and . . doesn’t land on the first reel. PRIZE UPGRADE prizes: BGG 2.00, BGG 1.60, BGG 1.20, BGG 0.80, BGG 0.40 prizes appearing on expanded symbol positions upgrade to the following: 3rd expanded position on the reel: upgrades to , or a prize of BGG 400.00, BGG 240.00 or BGG 200.00 2nd expanded position on the reel: upgrades to , or a prize of BGG 400.00, BGG 240.00, BGG 200.00, BGG 24.00, BGG 12.00 or BGG 6.00 1st expanded position on the reel: upgrades to or a prize of BGG 400.00, BGG 240.00, BGG 200.00, BGG 12.00, BGG 6.00, BGG 4.00 or BGG 2.40 EXPANDING REELS FEATURE The Expanding Reels feature can be triggered during the base game or Free Spins. When appears, reel height will be expanded by 1 symbol position for each appearing on that reel. Reel height can be expanded up to 6 symbol positions. Each expanded symbol position will be held for the next 3 spins. above a reel represents the remaining spins for the expanded position. If appears on a reel that has 6 symbol positions, the remaining spins for the 6th symbol position will be reset to 3. Different reel sets will be used for reels that have expanded. Wins will be evaluated after reel expansions have completed. ADD WILD FEATURE The Add Wild feature can be triggered during the base game or Free Spins. If appears on a reel that has 6 symbol positions, 2 or more positions on reels 2,3,4 and/or 5 will be selected to change to . If the selected position is , the symbol will change to . substitutes for all symbols except , , and . If the selected position is , the symbol will change to . substitutes for all symbols except , , and . If the selected position is , the symbol will change to . substitutes for all symbols except , , and . Wins will be evaluated after symbol changes have completed. Free Spins Feature 3,4 or 5 in any position triggers the Free Spins feature with 8, 12 or 20 Free Spins respectively. Reel heights and from the base game that triggered the feature remain when entering the feature. Special reel sets with more and are used. 3,4 or 5 in any position retriggers 8, 12 or 20 Free Spins respectively. The bet remains the same as the game that triggered the feature. The feature ends when there are no Free Spins Remaining. Reel heights and from the final spin of the feature will remain when returning to base game. If the feature is triggered in the same spin that triggered the Top Up Fortunes Spin feature, the feature will be played after the Top Up Fortunes Spin feature. TOP UP FORTUNES SPIN FEATURE 6 or more in any position triggers the Top Up Fortunes Spin feature during the base game and Free Spins. All triggering are held. Reel heights from the game that triggered the feature remain when entering the feature. All positions become individually spinning reels containing only and . 3 spins are awarded. If or appear, the number of remaining spins will be reset to 3. All appearing are held. If appears, reel height will be expanded by 1 symbol position for each appearing on that reel. Reel height can be expanded up to 6 symbol positions. will not appear on reels that have 6 symbol positions. The feature ends when there are no spins remaining, or all positions are filled with . The bet remains the same as the game that triggered the feature. Different reel sets are used during the feature. When the feature ends, reel heights and will return to the state of the game from the game that triggered the feature. BGG 4,000.00 BGG 400.00 BGG 48.00 BGG 24.00 Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of BGG 2.00. RTP of this game is 95.50%. Wild symbol Scatter symbol BONUS SYMBOL UP SYMBOL 243+ Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Win No win Shape Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Shape User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 6/18/2025