Dragons Vs Pandas HIGHLIGHTS Dragons VS Pandas is a 20 line slot played on two 4x4 game positions for a total of 40 lines per bet. Line wins in the DRAGON REELS game position and the PANDA REELS game position are evaluated independently. Pick either the Dragons Reels or the Panda Reels to win the fight in the Dragons VS Pandas Feature. Watch as Wilds jump from either the Dragon Reels or the Panda Reels and transform symbol positions in the other game position into Wilds or Wild multipliers, except during the Dragons VS Pandas Feature. Jackpots are available to win in Free Spins, the Dragons VS Pandas Feature, and the Base Game! Wild multipliers have a cap of 8x per payline. Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Highest win is paid per line. JUMPING WILDS FEATURE During play, a Jumping Wild in any position on the reels initiates the Jumping Wilds feature. If the Jumping Wilds feature is initiated, each Jumping Wild in any position on the reels in the Dragon Reels game position or Panda Reels game position transforms a symbol position in the same row of the other game position into a Jumping Wild. If a symbol position chosen to be transformed into a Jumping Wild already contains a Jumping Wild, the multiplier for that Jumping Wild is increased by 1x for each addition Jumping Wild awarded on that symbol position. Up to 4 Jumping Wilds may be awarded on a single symbol position. Wilds do not Jump during the Dragons VS Pandas Feature. FREE SPINS FEATURE 1 Free Games Coin symbol and any combination of 2 Coin symbols in any position on the reels initiates 88 Free Spins. Free Spins cannot be initiated again during the Free Spins. DRAGONS VS PANDAS FEATURE During play, 1 VS Coin symbol and any combination of 2 other Coin symbols in any position on the reel initiates the Dragons VS Pandas Feature. When the Dragons VS Pandas Feature is initiated, choose either the Dragon Reels game position or the Panda Reels game position for the feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME CONTROLS USER INTERFACE AND MENUS BALANCE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current bet amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytable, Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note: Some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality. DEPOSIT: Add funds to account (available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spins and press 'START' to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spins are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or insufficient balance. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: - Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. - Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using 'stoploss' limits, or when winning above certain amounts. Last modification date: 9/3/2025