Cat Peak Cat Peak is a 40 line slot played on a 5x4 grid. Cat Peak features Wild multipliers, the Delayed Expanding Wilds feature, Free Spins and Jackpots! During the base game, 3 or more Jackpot sub-symbols on adjacent reels awards a Jackpot! The Delayed Expanding Wilds feature places Wilds on a reel, creating more opportunities for wins. Watch for Wild multipliers in the base game and Free Spins! Any 3 Bonus symbols initiates 20 Free Spins! Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win paid on each payline. DELAYED EXPANDING WILDS FEATURE During each base game, each gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild unlocked Delayed Expanding Wild appearing in any position on a reel initiates the Delayed Expanding Wilds feature on that reel. Each initiating Delayed Expanding Wild appearing on the reels locks over that symbol position for that base game and the next 3 base games played at the same bet option. All unlocked Delayed Expanding Wild symbols can only appear in a symbol position that does not contain a locked Delayed Expanding Wild symbol. During each base game, 1 symbol position on each reel with a Delayed Expanding Wilds feature transforms into gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild. Up to 2 Delayed Expanding Wilds features may be active on the same reel during the same base game. Each newly-transformed Delayed Expanding Wild locks over that symbol position for that Free Spin and until all symbol positions on the reel with a Delayed Expanding Wilds feature are filled with gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild. When Bonus symbol is part of a winning combination and appears behind gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild, Free Spins are awarded in addition to wins resulting from the transformation. When Scatter symbol is part of a winning combination and appears behind gold Wild, 2x Wild or 3x Wild, Free Spins are awarded in addition to wins resulting from the transformation. FREE SPINS 3 Bonus symbols in any position on the reels initiates Free Spins. Win 20 Free Spins. During Free Spins, 3 Bonus symbols in any position on the reels awards 20 extra Free Spins. Free Spins are played all 40 lines using the same total bet amount that triggered the Bonus. The Bonus ends when 0 Free Spins remain or after 240 Free Spins have been played. Different reels are used during Free Spins. FREE SPINS DELAYED EXPANDING WILDS FEATURE At the start of the first Free Spin, the following Delayed Expanding Wilds are placed on the reels initiating a Delayed Expanding Wilds feature on reel 1, reel 3, and reel 5. For the first Free Spin: 2 gold Wilds are placed on reel 1, 2 gold Wilds and 1 2x Wild are placed on reel 3, and 1 gold Wild is placed on reel 5. During Free Spins, each gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild unlocked Delayed Expanding Wild appearing in any position on a reel initiates the Delayed Expanding Wilds feature on that reel. Each initiating Delayed Expanding Wild appearing on the reels locks over that symbol position. An unlocked Delayed Expanding Wild symbol can only appear in a symbol position that does not contain a locked Delayed Expanding Wild symbol. During each Free Spin, 1 symbol position on each reel with a Delayed Expanding Wilds feature transforms into gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild. Up to 2 Delayed Expanding Wilds features may be active on the same reel during the same Free Spin. Each newly-transformed Delayed Expanding Wild locks over that symbol position for that Free Spin and until all symbol positions on the reel with a Delayed Expanding Wilds features are filled with gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild. When Bonus symbol is part of a winning combination and appears behind gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild, Free Spins are awarded in addition to wins resulting from the transformation. When Scatter symbol is part of a winning combination and appears behind gold Wild, 2x Wild, or 3x Wild, Free Spins are awarded in addition to wins resulting from the transformation. Gold Wild, 2x Wild and 3x Wild are cleared at the end of Free Spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME CONTROLS USER INTERFACE AND MENUS BALANCE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current bet amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytable, Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note: Some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality. DEPOSIT: Add funds to account (available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spins and press 'START' to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spins are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or insufficient balance. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: - Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. - Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using 'stoploss' limits, or when winning above certain amounts