Carts of Cash Xmas BASIC RULES The base game is played as a 5x4 game. Base game can be played on either 20 or 40 lines by selecting the line selector. Changing the lines may adjust the current bet. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. This game has a win limit of 5000x your bet. Gold nugget symbols are wild in base game and substitute for all symbols except Scatter. Wilds appear on reels 2,3 or 4 only. Adjacent wilds add one another. In Golden Respins they appear as Cash Prize symbols instead. GOLD CARTS Carts above reels 2, 3 and 4 are filled by Scatters landing on any of the reels. Each cart is randomly filled when a Scatter lands on the reels. The carts will randomly spill over awarding regular wilds, multiplier wilds or Golden Respins. The filling of carts and Golden Respin feature are random, and unrelated to the player’s bet value CRAZY CART WILDS Gold nugget symbols are wild in base game and substitute for all symbols except Scatter. Wilds appear on reels 2,3 or 4 only. Adjacent wilds add one another. In Golden Respins they appear as Cash Prize symbols instead. GOLDEN RESPINS POP N SPLIT (DURING GOLDEN RESPINS) The carts above the reels can randomly spill over awarding the Golden Respins feature. All golden nugget wild symbols now have cash values included. Only golden nugget cash symbols are available during the feature. No line wins are active in this game feature. Values displayed are based on the current bet value. The golden nugget bet multiplying values are: 0.5x, 1x, 2x,3x,4x,5x,8x,10x,20x,50x & 100x Players are awarded 3 respins. With every spin, new golden nugget cash symbols lock for the remainder of the feature and the reels automatically respin - resetting the remaining spins to 3. If no new symbols are received, the value of the remaining spins available lowers by 1. When no spins remain, the Golden Respins feature ends. Fill the screen with symbols and receive a 1000x bet payout. The canary will randomly select a space on the reels. The selected space will then expand and divide into 4 parts. Each part will respin individually, filling up the space with golden nugget cash prize symbols. Once all 4 spaces have been filled, it upgrades all other cash prizes within the frame to the highest value. If the same cash prize value is received in all 4 spaces, they remain. The frame returns to its original space once all upgrades are complete. COLLECT (DURING GOLDEN RESPINS) When this symbol lands, it collects all golden nugget cash prize symbols on screen. PAY (DURING GOLDEN RESPINS) When this symbol lands, it pays its golden nugget cash prize value to all other golden nugget cash symbols currently collected on screen. Payout Rules Line wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. • Only the highest win is paid per winning combination on the same pay line. • When winning on multiple pay lines, all wins are added to the total win. Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP:94.02% UI Interface: MENU BUTTON Opens Main menu SOUND BUTTON Turn sound effects on and off INFO BUTTON Opens Game rules SPIN BUTTON Displays number of rounds to be played during autoplay AUTOPLAY BUTTON Opens Autoplay controls NUMBER OF ROUNDS Displays number of rounds to be played during autoplay TURBO MODE Enable/disable fast play HISTORY Displays history CLOSE GAME Closes the game MUSIC Turn background music on and of