Wheely Wheely Big Win Game Description WWBW is a simple, user configured two wheel fixed odds game where the player must line up the selected section of both wheels with the win indicators in order to win. Two wheels, each split into 360 equal sections, are displayed one inside the other. The player can press to select the winning colour for each of the wheels and drag to change the size of each winning section between 10-350. The potential win is displayed in the centre of the wheels and updates as the user moves the wheels or changes the stake. Pressing SPIN commits the selected stake and spins the outer wheel anticlockwise and the inner wheel clockwise. The wheels come to rest in randomly selected positions (1-360), if both line up with the winning arrows then the player wins, if either or both land anywhere else then the player loses. Where one wheel lands on a winning section and the other lands on losing section the player is offered the chance to re-spin just the losing wheel in order to win the original prize with the price for the spin determined by the chance of winning with a 5% margin added. Wheel configuration Each wheel has 360 sections and allows the player to configure it to select a minimum of 10 and a maximum of 350. RTP Main game: 95% The potential prize is calculated from the selected stake and size of both wheels with a 5% margin. Extra spins: 95% (per spin) The price for each spin is calculated from the potential prize and size of the losing wheel with a 5% margin. Rounding to whole values may change the RTP for certain configurations and stakes. RNG The RNG used is based on the Java SecureRandom implementation which is described as follows: “A cryptographically strong random number minimally complies with the statistical random number generator tests specified in FIPS 140-2, Security Requirements for Cryptographic Modules, section 4.9.1. Additionally, SecureRandom must produce non-deterministic output. Therefore any seed material passed to a SecureRandom object must be unpredictable, and all SecureRandom output sequences must be cryptographically strong, as described in RFC 1750: Randomness Recommendations for Security.” RNG Suitability A test lab called Gaming Associates will be used to test the outcome of all games that are produced. The Java SecureRandom RNG implementation is proven to: Be statistically independent. Be uniformly distributed over their range. Pass various recognised statistical tests. Be unpredictable without the knowledge of the algorithm, its implementation, and the current value of the seed. Outcomes derived from the RNG are distributed within statistically expected bounds, including normal distribution. RNG seeding When the SecureRandom RNG object is created it has not been yet been seeded. To seed the RNG, call the setSeed method is used. If setSeed is not called, the first call to nextBytes will force the SecureRandom object to seed itself. This self-seeding will not occur if setSeed was previously called. The RNG is never re-seeded after this point. How To Play The player can select their stake using the stake selector and press on the handles on each wheel to select the size of the winning section for each wheel. The potential prize displayed will change to reflect the sizes of the wheels and the stake. The player can press on either wheel to switch between red and black as the selected (winning) sections with the win indicator updating to reflect the choices. The player can access the help pages by pressing the help button, mute and exit are also available. There is a turbo button that toggles between on and off to adjust the speed of the wheel spins. Pressing spin commits the stake and spins both wheels to random positions. If the selected sections both line up with the arrows at the top of the wheels the player wins the cash value displayed. Where one wheel lands in a winning position but the other is in a losing position the player is offered the chance to respin just the losing wheel for a fixed price. They can also repeat the previous bet by pressing repeat bet or start a new game by pressing new game or by adjusting the wheels. The total cumulative stake is displayed to the player as they make each re-spin. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 4/14/2022