Queenie Game Rules BASIC RULES is wild and substitutes for all symbols only appears on reels 2,3, and 4. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays for each way symbol combination. Wins on different played ways are added. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. The game is played at 243 ways for 50 credits, multiplied by the bet multiplier. WHEEL FEATURE GAME 3 appearing during the base game awards the Wheel Feature 1 or 2 Appearing during the base game may also randomly award the Wheel Feature. 1 0r more appearing during the free games awards the Wheel Feature. Once triggered, 1 spin of the wheel is awarded The prize or bonus is awarded by the wheel pointer. The available awards are credit prizes, win multipliers, added symbols, Free games, and Bonus game. Credit values displayed on the wheel have been pre- multiplied by the bet multiplier from the triggering game. If the win multiplier is awarded, all ways win for the current base game or free game are multiplied by the awarded multiplier value. If the wheel indicator shows added symbols, the number shown corresponds to the number of symbols positions that will transform into . FREE GAMES BONUS The Free Games Bonus is awarded when free games are won during the Wheel Feature. Additional free games can be awarded from the Wheel Feature during the free games. Free games are played on the same ways at the same bet as the triggering game. 8-50 free games will be awarded. JACKPOT BONUS RULES Hit the JACKPOT slice on the wheel to trigger the Jackpot Bonus. Pick cards to reveal a jackpot name behind them. Matching three of the same jackpot name awards the corresponding jackpot. If during the bonus, a Boost card is revealed , the fixed jackpot amounts are instantly increased with a random amount from 5x to 800x total bet. Only one jackpot can be awarded per Jackpot Bonus. The Jackpot Bonus ends after a jackpot has been awarded. JACKPOT AWARDS ARE AS FOLLOWS: GRAND BBG 10,000.000 MAJOR BBG 400.00 MINOR BGG 100.00 MIN BGG 20.00 BUY A BONUS FEATURE (WHERE AVAILABLE) The Free Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying a Bonus, Wheel Feature will be awarded to trigger the Free Games: 15, 20,25,or 50 Free Games. Purchased Free Games follow Free Games Feature Rules Buy a Bonus feature RTP is: 95.76% MAX WIN GAME RULES The maximum win amount is limited to 5150x bet in the both the base game and free spins. If the total win of a round reaches the maximum win amount, the round immediately ends, the win is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. GAME RULES Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of BGG 2.00 RTP of this game is 95.55% 243 WAYS Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game – Closes the game client Sound- Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music- Controls the Music in the game ( on/off) Turbo mode (where available) – Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) – Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) – Controls the vibration on the mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during the game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit ( where available) – Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Win above( where available) – Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After that period, the incomplete round will be void. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space base (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played. Display autoplay mode setting ( where available) Open menu Display/ Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 2/21/2024