Mega Mystery Mine MYSTERY MEGA SYMBOLS During base game, Mystery Mega Symbols may land on reels 2, 3 and 4. Whenever any number of Mystery Mega Symbols land on the reels and all reels are stopped, they will transform and reveal the same random paying symbol. The Mystery Mega Symbols may land fully visible on the reels, sized as 3x3 or 2x2, revealing 4 or 9 symbols or they can partially land revealing less symbols. Mystery Mega Symbol cannot reveal a Scatter symbol. MYSTERY SPLIT SYMBOLS During base game and free spins, Mystery Split Symbols may land on reels 2, 3 and 4. Whenever any number of Mystery Split Symbols land on the reels and all reels are stopped, they will transform and reveal the same random paying symbol, split into 4 smaller symbols in each position, creating more winning ways possibilities. Mystery Split Symbol cannot reveal a Scatter symbol. Free Spins Feature Landing 3, 4,or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger 6, 8 or 10 Free Spins respectively. During Free Spins, whenever a Mystery Split Symbol will land on the reels, it will become sticky and stay in the same position until the end of the free spins round. The Mystery Split Symbol, in addition to paying symbols, during Free Spins only, can also reveal +1 or +2 extra spins. Once +1 or +2 revealed, the sum of all numbers will be added as extra free spins. +1 and +2 are revealed as a single symbol and not split into 4. During Free Spins, there are no Mega Symbols on the reels. Wild symbol Substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 and 5 only. Buy Bonus (Where available) Free Spins can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 50x current total bet. When buying a bonus feature, a random spin with at least 3 or more Scatter symbols will be played. When buying the bonus, the RTP is 96.11%. SUPER BONUS Super bonus can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 200x current total bet. When buying a super bonus feature, a random spin with at least 3 or more Scatter symbols will be played. Free spins will start with at least 1 sticky Mystery Split Symbol on the reels. When buying the super bonus, the RTP is 96.19%. Basic Rules Mega Mystery Mine is a 5x5 video slot played on 3125 ways and can go up to 200,000 ways. RTP: 93.99% Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel to right. Wins require matching symbols on at least 3 adjacent reels from left to right. Payouts are calculated to winning ways. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. Only highest win is paid for each way symbol combination. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. This game has a win limit of 10000x your bet. Last modification date: 10/15/2025