Book of Buffalo Game Rules Wins on multiple lines are added together. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only the highest scatter win is paid per play. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BASIC RULES The base game is played on a 5x3 grid, with 10 lines. Stampede in base game randomly selects a symbol to expand. Side Bet increases scatter probability for an increased cost & faster access to Free Spins. Buy Bonus for direct access to Free Spins. In Free Spins reels can expand up to a 5x7 grid, with 50 lines. Wild symbol Wilds substitutes for all symbols except Scatters STAMPEDE On any random game round, a normal symbol is selected for the Stampede feature. The selected symbol expands, and pays as a scatter. This feature is a guaranteed win spin. FREE SPINS Landing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols activates free spins. After triggering the Free Spins, players can select a symbol to expand across the respective reels they land on. The symbols will only expand if a win can be created. Expanded symbols require the same minimum number of symbols for a win as per normal rules, except that they no longer need to be adjacent - this is a scatter pay. If a win can be created by expanding symbols, normal wins are paid out first, then the selected symbol expands and the newly created wins are paid out. Players can increase the reel area and paylines by collecting book Scatter Symbols. Once each threshold has been achieved by the collection of book Scatters, the reels will expand and additional free spins are awarded before the next spin. Scatters Collected Win Lines Reels + Free Spins 3 15 5x4 +3 7 20 5x5 +2 12 50 5x7 +1 The maximum number of free spins which can be collected is 18. The collector counter resets after each threshold is filled. EXPANDED SYMBOL SELECTION OVERVIEW Very high volatility - very high wins but less frequent. Very high volatility - very high wins but less frequent. High volatility - high wins but less frequent. Medium volatility - medium wins but more frequent. GAMBLE Players may gamble for a larger Free Spins start value, unless they win the maximum of 12 Free Spins. When winning Free Spins, Select to Start or Gamble. Gamble may result in all free spins being lost. When losing, the player is returned to the main game. When proceeding to Gamble free spins, the space occupied by the current, previous and/or lower free spin value converts to a losing area. Free Spins won Gamble If lost 8 10/12 0 10 12 0 12 - - Loss of Free Spin gamble is represented by this symbol BUY BONUS (where available) The Free Spins Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game, by buying it for 60x current total bet. Book Scatter wins are not awarded when buying Free Spins. When buying the Free Spins feature, the same Free Spins rules apply. The Side Bet cost is excluded from the Buy Bonus cost and bet. Maximum win per this jurisdiction! Be aware - maximum win allowed in the jurisdiction you are currently playing is {JURISDICTION_MAX_WIN_CAP_AMOUNT}. This means, that even though game may display higher win amounts, your balance will be credited only for {JURISDICTION_MAX_WIN_CAP_AMOUNT}. WIN/LOSS Maximum Bet: {amount} Maximum Win: {amount} Maximum Hourly Loss: {amount} MAX WIN PROBABILITY The probability of the maximum win displayed in this game refers to the sum of winnings of the highest possible symbol values, across all possible win criteria - either as a single game round or collectively as part of a feature. This may, or may not, include additional winnings obtained through extra win multiplying possibilities within the game. Higher winnings are also possible at a lower probability. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 8000 multiplied by the total bet in base game, bonus features and buy bonus (where available). If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining features are forfeited. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 4/8/2025