Virtual Cars Virtual Sports The Virtual Sports offered on this site are computer generated and allow players to wager on the outcome of the digitally created race and sporting events. Each event offers players numerous fixed-odds betting opportunities, meaning the payout odds do not change as betting occurs. Each competitor in the virtual events is weighted according to the odds displayed. The competitors with higher payout odds stand a lower chance of winning, but can generate higher returns. The competitors with lower payout odds stand a greater chance of winning, but can generate lower returns. The outcome of each event is determined by a random number generator that has been independently tested and certified by the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement (“DGE”). Each event outcome is completely independent, with no relationship to any prior or future results. The virtual events offered may include some or all of the following graphical representations depicting horse racing, dog racing, motor car racing, speedway racing (dirt-bikes) and soccer. The theoretical player payback, known as the return to player percentage (“RTP”), in all instances meets or exceeds that which is mandated by DGE regulations. The expected RTP varies depending on the event and bet types. The RTPs are expected theoretical returns measured over an extensive period of time, considering millions of plays by a large number of players. As with any random number generated game, the results for any player session can deviate greatly from the long-term expected average. Statistically, the greater number of games played, the narrower this variance should become. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and play. At the start of each event, an introduction displays the competitors and the prices associated with the betting options offered. The events occur after the introduction. Wagers may be placed on any virtual event leading up to the start of that event. Once betting is closed-off, no more wagers will be honored for that particular event. Due to the nature of latency that can occur over the internet, the audible commentary may be out of sync with the event being shown. This is normal and has no effect on the event outcome. Once the event is completed a result screen will display the results of the event. Wagers are settled shortly after the conclusion of the event. After the result has been shown the introduction of the next event will begin. The result of each event will be shown for a short period of time. When an event starts, betting options and prices will be refreshed to show the next event. If an event does not start or the outcome is incomplete, where a result cannot be determined (for any reason), the event will be voided and refunds will be applied. Virtual Racing Events All bets placed on virtual racing events are subject to the rules contained herein. The virtual racing events offered include horses, greyhounds, motor and dirt-bikes. Depending on the race type and the number of competitors offered in a given race, the wagers available for play may include some or all of the following bet types: “Win” - players selecting a competitor to "Win" an event will be paid according to the pre-established payout odds for a particular event should they accurately predict the competitor finishing the event in first place. “Place” - players selecting a competitor to "Place" in an event will be paid according to the pre-established payout odds for a particular event should they accurately predict a competitor to finish the event in first or second place. “Show” - players selecting a competitor to "Show" in an event will be paid according to the pre-established payout odds for a particular event should they accurately predict a competitor to finish the event in first, second or third place. “Exacta” – players must accurately predict which competitor will finish the race in first place and which competitor will finish the race in second place. Players must accurately predict both the first and second place finishers in order to win their wager. Failure to accurately predict both outcomes results in a losing wager. A winning wager will be paid according to the pre-established payout odds. “Trifecta” – players must accurately predict which competitor will finish the race in first place, which competitor will finish the race in second place and which competitor will finish the race in third place. Players must accurately predict the first, second and third place finishers in order to win their wager. Failure to accurately predict all three outcomes results in a losing wager. A winning wager will be paid according to the pre-established payout odds. Virtual Soccer All bets placed on Virtual Soccer are subject to the rules contained herein. Virtual Soccer offers events by and between a total of nineteen (19) different teams, with two (2) teams competing in each event. Each event lasts from approximately 30 seconds to 2 minutes, providing players with a highlight reel, showing select clips of the action from the event. The wagers available for play include the following bet types: “Match Betting” (Win, Draw, Lose) – players wager on either the Home Team Winning, the match resulting in a Draw or the Home Team Losing (Away Team Winning) and are paid according to the pre-established payout odds when accurately predicting the outcome of the match. “Correct Score” – players wager on the correct score of the event and are paid according to the pre-established payout odds when accurately predicting the outcome. “Total Goals” – players wager on the total number of goals scored in the event and are paid according to the pre-established payout odds when accurately predicting the outcome of the match. “Over/Under 2.5 Goals” – players wager on whether there will be more or less that 2.5 goals scored in the event and are paid according to the pre-established payout odds when accurately predicting the outcome of the match “Halftime Score” – players wager on the correct halftime score of the event and are paid according to the pre-established payout odds when accurately predicting the outcome of the match. “First Team to Score” – players wager on which team will score first in the event and are paid according to the pre-established payout odds when accurately predicting the outcome of the match. “Last Team to Score” – players wager on which team will score last in the event and are paid according to the pre-established payout odds when accurately predicting the outcome of the match. WAGERING As an example for calculating payouts: assume a winning wager offers 9/1 odds, with a $10 wager it would pay $100. This is calculated as follows: 9 X $10 + $10 (returning the original $10 stake). To place a “Win”, “Place” or “Show” wager, select the odds under these headings (if available) associated with the competitor(s) you wish to wager on. Selections made will be added to the Bet Slip. To complete your wager(s) choose the amount of your wager(s) and select “Place Wager.” To place an Exacta wager, click on a box under the “1st” heading associated with the competitor you predict will finish the race in first place and click on a box under the “2nd” heading associated with the competitor you predict will finish the race in second place, then click on “+Exacta” and your selections will be added the Bet Slip. To complete your wager, choose the amount of your wager(s) and select “Place Wager.” To place a Trifecta wager, click on a box under the “1st” heading associated with the competitor you predict will finish the race in first place, click on a box under the “2nd” heading associated with the competitor you predict will finish the race in second place, and click on a box under the “3nd” heading associated with the competitor you predict will finish the race in third place, then click on “+Trifecta” and your selections will be added the Bet Slip. To complete your wager, choose the amount of your wager(s) and select “Place Wager.” To place wagers on a Soccer match, select the odds under the heading associated with the bet you wish to wager on. Selections made will be added to the Bet Slip. To complete your wager(s) choose the amount of your wager(s) and select “Place Wager.” Each bet type selected is prepopulated with a wager amount, however the pre-populated amount may be changed by the player anytime before clicking “Place Wager.” Following the conclusion of the event, the bet slip will notify players of any winning wagers. Minimum and Maximum Bets range from $0.50 to $100, however the maximum amount may be reduced depending on the posted odds. Players may wager on as many outcomes as they wish, but may only wager once on any specific outcome for an individual event. Duplicating identical wagers for any individual event is not allowed. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/17/2018