Golden Gal's 3 Reels Basic Rules Golden Gal's 3 Reels is a 3x3 video slot, played on 5 lines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Wild substitutes for all symbols except cash symbols, bonus prize symbols and scatter symbols. Special reels are in play during the bonus game. All wins are shown in currency. CASH COLLECT Scatter symbol Scatter symbols can appear only on the 2nd (middle) reel during base and bonus game. Landing one or more scatter symbols in combination with one or more cash symbols on either reel 1 or reel 3 (not both reels) will award the sum of all cash symbol prizes. It is possible to land multiple scatter symbols. All visible cash symbols will be collected for every scatter symbol. Values are displayed in currency according to current bet value. CASH SYMBOL Each cash symbol has a cash prize displayed on it. Cash symbols appear on reels 1 and 3 only, during base and bonus game. Prizes displayed during base game and bonus game are: x1, x2, x3, x4 x5, x10, x15 bet. PILE OF GOLDEN EGGS In base game, cash symbols and scatter symbols, if not awarded, land on the pile of golden eggs and can grant a chance to trigger bonus game by adding scatter and cash symbols in quantity enough (or more) to trigger bonus game. The growth of the egg pile is random and unrelated to the player's bet value. BONUS GAME Landing a scatter symbol with a cash symbol on reel 1 and reel 3 will trigger the bonus game. 3 respins are granted at the beginning of the bonus game. Only scatter symbols, cash symbols and bonus prize symbols can land during the bonus game. Each new symbol resets the number of respins back to 3. Scatter symbol Scatter symbols stick on the reels during bonus game. When the scatter symbol lands, each scatter symbol gathers all visible cash symbol values on the reels and adds them to its own value. Afterwards, the cash symbols disappear. BONUS PRIZE SYMBOLS AND METERS Bonus prize symbols appear on reels 1 and 3 only during bonus game only. Each bonus prize symbol has a prize displayed on it. To win the bonus prize, the corresponding meter for it needs to be fully filled. The meters for Grand and Major have 4 spaces to fill; Minor and Mini have 3 spaces to fill. Once a meter is full, it receives a marking and the spaces are emptied, giving the player opportunity to fill and win the bonus prize again. Bonus prizes are: x1000 (Grand), x200 (Major), x40 (Minor), x20 (Mini) bet. Buy Bonus (Where available) Bonus game can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it. There are 2 Buy Bonus options: Bonus - with 1 scatter symbol for a cost of 50x bet When buying the bonus, the RTP is 94.37%. Super Bonus - with 3 scatter symbols for a cost of 125x bet When buying the super bonus game, the RTP is 94.45%. When buying the bonus game, the same bonus game feature rules apply. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 94.2% Last modification date: 3/17/2026