Catch Zone Fortune Flock MONEY CATCH™ BONUS 1 or more Bonus Scatters may trigger the Money Catch Bonus in addition to activating corresponding Bonus Features shown below: Jackpot Feature / Red Eggs: 1 Bonus Wheel spin is awarded at the end of the Money Catch Bonus for every 6 red eggs collected. Extended Feature / Green Eggs: Green eggs may award up to 9 additional Credit Awards for that pick. Mystery Feature / Purple Eggs: Each purple egg collected during the Money Catch Bonus increases the Mystery Award multiplier by 1. At the end of the Money Catch Bonus, press spin to spin the Mystery Spinner and win a Mystery Award shown below. That award is then multiplied by the Mystery Award multiplier. Possible Mystery Awards: 24, 36, 60, 120, 300, 600 OR 1,200 When the Money Catch Bonus is triggered, Bonus Features for all Bonus Scatters currently on the reels become active for that bonus session. During Money Catch Bonus Players are awarded 30 picks of the gold feathers that award credits and a green, red, or blue egg. Possible Credit Awards:1, 5, 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1,000, 2,000 OR 5,000 Bills for active Bonus Features award the corresponding Bonus Feature Awards. Bills for inactive Bonus Features may trigger an additional Money Catch Bonus along with corresponding Bonus Features at the end of the current bonus. Active Bonus Features become inactive at the end of the current Money Catch Bonus During the Bonus Wheel Feature For each Bonus Wheel spin, Press Spin or swipe the screen to spin the Bonus Wheel to win a Jackpot Award ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Bet a minimum of 60 credits to play all 15 lines. All winning line symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the left most reel. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Collected golden feathers reset at the end of each Money Catch Bonus. The range of possible Mystery Award Multipliers is 6X to 18X. Player interaction with the screen during the Bonus Wheel Feature and the Money Catch Bonus is for entertainment purposes only and does not have any impact on game outcome. Collection of Bonus Scatters over time and growth of the green, red, and purple eggs has no effect on triggering the Money Catch Bonus. Wins on all lines are added Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP:94.16% Last modification date: 3/11/2026