Temujin Treasures WILD appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Only the highest scatter win is paid per play. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 1024 ways to win. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet level multiplier. Wild Switch Feature Rules On any base game spin or free spin, 6 or more of the same symbol, except WILD , appearing on reels 2, 3, and/or 4 awards the Wild Switch Feature. All occurrences of the same symbol appearing on reels 2, 3, and/or 4 are transformed into WILD. Wheel Feature Rules 3 WHEEL in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 awards the Wheel Feature. The Player is awarded 1 spin of Wheel Level One. The Player is prompted to spin the Wheel. Once the Wheel stops, win the credit value, Bonus Prize, or the number of free spins indicated by the wheel pointer. If a credit value or Bonus Prize wedge is indicated by the wheel pointer, win that prize and 1 spin of the next level wheel. Once a free spins wedge is indicated by a wheel pointer, the total feature win is awarded, the Wheel Feature ends, and the Free Spins Feature begins. There are a maximum of 6 different wheel levels that the player can progress through. Wheel Level Six contains only Free Spin wedges. Wheel 1 prizes: (x1, x2, x3, x4, x6, x7, x10) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (6,7) Wheel 2 prizes: (x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (6,8) Wheel 3 prizes: (x1, x2, x3, x5, x8, x10, x25) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (7,9) Wheel 4 prizes: (x1, x2, x3, x5, x8, x10, x20, x40) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (8,10) Wheel 5 prizes: (2, 3, 5, 8, 10, 20, 50, 100) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (12,15) Wheel 6 prizes: Free Spins (20, 25, 50) Free Spins Feature Rules Once a wheel pointer indicates a free spins wedge during the Wheel Feature, the Free Spins Feature is awarded with the corresponding number of free spins. Free Spins are played on the same number of ways at the same bet multiplier as the awarding game. If the player is awarded Free Spins on Wheel Level One and the total feature win from Free Spins = 0 credits, then the player is awarded 10x Total Bet. Different reels are used during free games. Bonus Prize Rules Bonus Prizes are awarded during the Wheel feature or from Fire Cracker symbol in Free Spins. Grand Bonus Prize only appears during the Wheel Feature. Buy A Bonus Rules The Wheel Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by purchasing it for 100x current total bet. When purchasing the Wheel Feature, 3 WHEEL will be awarded to trigger the feature. Purchased Wheel Features follow the Wheel Feature Rules. The player is guaranteed to win a Free Spins Feature when purchasing the Wheel Feature. Wheel Feature has different wedges when triggered via Buy a Bonus. Wheel 1 prizes: (25, 15, 10, 8, 6, 4, 2) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (10 FG, 8 FG) Wheel 2 prizes: (50, 25, 20, 15, 10, 8, 5) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (10 FG, 8 FG) Wheel 3 prizes: (75, 25, 20, 15, 12, 10, 8, 6) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (12 FG, 10 FG) Wheel 4 prizes: (100, 50, 25, 20, 15, 12, 10, 8) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (15 FG, 12 FG) Wheel 5 prizes: (200, 100, 50, 25, 20, 15, 12, 10) of players bet, Bonus Prizes (Grand, Major, Minor, Mini), Free Spins (20 FG, 15 FG) Wheel 6 prizes: Free Spins (25,30,50) 1024 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 10000 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free spins. The maximum win amount in Buy a Bonus feature is limited to 39331 multiplied by total bet. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 10/16/2024