Karen's Merry Meltdown Basic Rules Karen’s Merry Meltdown is a 5x5 video Slot played on 50 paylines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Special reels are in play during the Free Games Feature. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Super Bonus, Cash and Collect symbols Cash collect feature is available in base game and Cash Respins. Cash symbols do not have a payout on their own, but only paying when landing with a collect symbol. It is possible to land multiple collect symbols. All visible cash symbols will be collected for every collect symbol. Values displayed in currency according to current bet value. During base game Wild symbols may land with a win multiplier of - x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, or x6. Multiple Wilds on a winning line are multiplicative, meaning Wild multipliers are multiplied for wins on the same payline. Landing 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels during base game will trigger the bonus selection screen. In the bonus selection screen, a random spin will determine one of two features: Free Spins or Cash Respins. If Free Spins are won in the Bonus selection screen, 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols awards 15, 20 or 30 free spins. During Free spins, special wilds are in play. When a wild lands on the reels, it will remain for 3 spins, after which it will then be removed. Above the reels there is a multiplier collector area. Each reel has its own collector and space to fill 3 cups. Landing a Bonus symbol will fill one cup on the respective reel’s collector. Every 3 filled cups, a multiplier will be upgraded by x1 for that reel, starting from x2 up to x5. Every reel multiplier upgrade awards +3 free spins. If a wild lands on a reel with a multiplier, the wild will become sticky with that multiplier value. In the event that a wild remains on a reel and an upgrade occurs, only the newly landed wild will receive the upgraded multiplier value. Landing a special Super Bonus symbol, will immediately fill the collector and upgrade the multiplier, regardless of how many cups have been filled, and award +3 free spins. If Cash Respins are won in the Bonus selection screen, 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols awards 3, 4 or 5 cash respins. During cash respins, all cells spin as individual reels and only cash, collect and Pop’n Split frame symbols may appear. Each new Cash symbol and Pop 'n Split symbol that lands, stays locked until the end of the bonus round and resets the respins back to it's original starting value. Cash symbols values are between 0.4x up to 500x total bet. Landing a collector symbol will collect the values of all cash and Pop’n Split symbols on the screen, empty their position and reset the respins. The sum of all collected values will remain in the collectors place. Landing Pop 'n Split frame symbol will expand and divide into 4 parts. Each part will spin individually, filling up the space with a cash award. The highest value is then duplicated into the remaining 3 spaces. Bonus round ends when no more respins left or when there are no more empty cells. When respins are ended, the sum of all cash prizes on the screen are awarded. Filling the screen with prizes awards an additional 500x bet. SIDE BET (where available) For an additional fee of 20% of the player's current bet, the side bet increases the chances to trigger Bonus by 34% and Cash Collect feature by 45%. BUY BONUS The bonus feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 75x current total bet. When buying a bonus feature, a spin with at least 3 Bonus symbol will be played. When buying the bonus, the RTP is 94.02%. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Up and Down arrow buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Spin button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/16/2025