Slingo Shark Week Slingo Basics Move up the pay ladder by completing slingos Select your bet value and press spin to start the game You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with the grid Complete slingos to move up the pay ladder Symbols Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above Extra spin symbols add an additional spin Super Wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid Blocker symbols do nothing Pay Ladder Move up the pay ladder to win cash or a bonus game Prize values increase as you move up the ladder Shark Slots 3 of the same symbol in any payline wins Spin the reels 7 times Break The Cage Click on the cage to win prizes Fish Grab Grab as many fish to earn prizes before the time runs out What Did The Shark Eat? Select an object, earn 3x when you match what the shark ate Shark Wheel Spin the wheel to trigger an enhanced bonus game or a cash multiplier of your base stake Shark Attack Watch as the sharks pick bags to increase your win Extra Spins Extra spins are available after each game The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prize Prices may be in excess of your base stake You can control extra spin limits in play controls The price of the next spin is shown on the spin button Collect or buy more spins Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP Win Lines T here are 12 win lines and 11 awards because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of wilds and super wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to a slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most slingos (win lines). For example, the certain square would be given preference since it is included in a horizonal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Play Controls Play controls can be selected from the menu Set the maximum number of extra spins to be offered Set the maximum prize to be offered as an extra spin Set the maximum stake for any single game Set the maximum loss for any single game The game will automatically end if any of the set limits are reached General Based on the best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 95.68%. Based on the best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95.49%. Free spin symbols are removed from the reels in the extra spins. In extra spins some potential prizes may require super wilds. Extra spins prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may affect the RTP. Malfunction voids all pay and plays. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 3 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Shark Slots Shark slots results are shown for entertainment purposes only. Symbols Shark slots results are shown for entertainment purposes only. Wild: substitutes for all symbols. Last modification date: 5/16/2024