90K Yeti Gigablox Welcome to 90k Yeti Gigablox! The Yeti’s back... and he’s bigger than ever! QUICK FACTS RTP The overall theoretical return to player is 95.5% Max Win 90000x bet Volatility Extreme Average best win after 100 spins All players: 56 x bet 1 in 10 players: 210 x bet 1 in 100 players: 588 x bet 1 in 1000 players: 1882 x bet INTRODUCTION 90k Yeti Gigablox is a 6-reel, 46,656 Ways Gigablox slot created by 4ThePlayer.com . Ways slots remove paylines to make it easier to see the wins. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. The legendary Yeti returns and can trigger 3 unique bonuses on any spin! Yeti Reveal uncovers winning symbols under the snow; the Snowstorm shuffles the reels to create wins; and Giga Summon brings the biggest Gigablox to the reels, including mighty 6x6 symbols! Trigger up to 36 Free Spins with at least 1 guaranteed Snowstorm or Giga Summon! HOW TO PLAY? The player chooses their bet amount using the + and - buttons. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the SPIN BUTTON. If playing on PC and if enabled in the game options menu, the space bar can also be used to spin the reels. Winning symbols are raised over the reels when the spin stops. Wins pay from left to right. GIGABLOX Gigablox are massive symbols on enlarged reels. Gigablox symbols can be 2x2 to 6x6 in size. Gigablox symbols will be split into 1x1 symbols for the purpose of win calculation and Free Spins Scatter awards. SYMBOLS WILD The Wild symbol substitutes for every symbol apart from scatters. Wilds cannot appear as a Gigablox symbols. Free Spins Scatter 5 or more Free Spins Scatters will award Free Spins. SNOW BLOX Snow Blox hide other symbols and do not award wins. YETI REVEAL FEATURE The Yeti will destroy Snow Blox to reveal winning symbols. This feature will occur randomly in the base game. SNOWSTORM FEATURE The Yeti will shuffle the reels into a new order creating a win. This feature will occur randomly. GIGA SUMMON FEATURE The Yeti will summon a large Gigablox reel, which will contain symbols sized 4x4 or larger. This feature will occur randomly. FREE SPINS 5 or more Free Spins Scatters will award Free Spins. You win the same number of Free Spins as the number of Scatters that triggered the bonus. At least 1 Snowstorm or Giga Summon feature is guaranteed to trigger during the Free Spins bonus. During Free Spins, all Snow Blox are removed from the reels. Every Free Spins scatter that lands will award 1 extra Free Spin. BUY FEATURE The player can choose from 4 Buy Feature modes: 5 Free Spins 10 Free Spins 20 Free Spins Giga Summon Spin – Spin in a massive GIGABLOX reel: 4x4, 5x5 or 6x6! Buy Feature can only be activated in the base game. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 46,656 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of a symbol, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2 x 3 x 2 = 12. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different ways are added AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open Autoplay, press the AUTOPLAY button (the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle). The player can choose the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number is reached or when the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When Autoplay is active, the AUTOPLAY button becomes a STOP button which displays the number of remaining spins. Press the STOP button to stop Autoplay spins. GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Press Space to spin: allows the use of the Space Bar to make a bet. Autoplay – To access the autoplay menu History – To see game history Game Rules – Opens this help GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails. If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from the interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware / software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 3/21/2023