The Amazing Money Machine Sapphire The Amazing Money Machine Sapphire BASIC RULES The base game is played on a 5x3 grid, with 30 lines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Line wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: , , All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins are shown in credits, except jackpot wins. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. Wins on multiple lines are added together. EXPANDING REELS FEATURE If 3 or land on reel 3, the Expanding Reels Feature will begin. Once triggered, it is randomly determined whether the reel layout will expand to 4 rows or 5 rows. If the Respin feature is triggered during this event, then the feature will be played on the corresponding reel window. Respin Feature Any 5 or more appearing on the reels after all features and reel stops will trigger the Respin Feature. The number of , and symbols that triggered the free games feature is equal to the number of spins the player starts with in the feature. Once triggered, each position on the reel window will become an independent reel. All and that land on the reels award 1 spin and are held for the remainder of the feature. All non-held reels will spin on each feature spin. If a appears on the reel(s) at the end of the spin, then the Jackpot Meter is increased by 1, that reel(s) become locked and the player is awarded 1 spin. Once the Jackpot Meter has increased by 1, becomes . Feature ends when all positions are filled or when 0 feature spins remain. will reveal its value only at the end of the feature. The player collects all values on each , , symbol that appears on all reels. If the Jackpot Meter is = 3, then the Jackpot Feature will be played upon completion of the final Respin Feature played. Each , awards 50, 100, 120, 200, 250, 300, 500, 600, 800, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500, 5000, or 10000 credits times the bet multiplier from the awarding game. awards 600, 800, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500, 5000, or 10000 times the bet multiplier from the awarding game. Respin Wild Feature Rules During the base game (5x3 only), 3 or 4 along with 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 may be randomly placed on the reels. If a or appears below the added , it will be counted toward the Respin Feature trigger. Instant Respin Feature For any base game spin that doesn’t trigger the Respin Feature, there is a chance to instantly trigger the respin feature. The reel layout will be filled with 5, 6, 7 or 8 symbols. Blackout feature Upon completion of a Respin Feature, if all positions are filled, the player will then be awarded 1 free Respin Feature to play immediately. The credit collection meter will disappear (reset to 0 in the background) and the jackpot meter will reset to 0. This new feature will begin with the same number of and features spins as when the initial respin Feature was triggered. These are new that will have new values determined and placed randomly on the board. For example, 5 symbols are onscreen on the 5x3 reel window. The player has collected 15 symbols during this feature. Once the player is awarded the total value, a new feature will begin with 5 symbols randomly placed. Only 1 Jackpot Feature can be won during all Respin Features played. If a player has won a Jackpot Feature in a previous Respin Feature played, then the symbol can no longer be shown. The Jackpot Feature will only be played after all Respin Features have been played. JACKPOT FEATURE This feature is awarded when: Any 3 appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 Instant Jackpot Feature is awarded 3 are collected during the Respin Feature Once triggered, a board of 12 items are shown to the player. The player will be asked to pick 1 of the 12 items until 3 of the same symbol are matched. Each item can reveal GRAND, MAJOR, MAXI or MINI. Once 3 are collected, the player will win that progressively and the feature is over. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND 20,000.00 MAJOR 2,400.00 MAXI 100.00 MINI 40.00 Instant Jackpot Feature In the base game only, an Instant Jackpot symbol can land and trigger the Jackpot Feature instantly. Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of 2.40. RTP of this game is 93.99%. The RTP was calculated by simulating at least 1 billion spins. All wins are shown at a bet multiplier of 1 In the event that wild symbols combined with regular symbols on the same pay line pay equally, a single payment is made, with the longer win shown. Paylines Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Spin button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays and plays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 8578 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 2/24/2026