888 Panda HIGHLIGHTS 888 Panda is a 888 ways pay game. Reels expand up to 88888 ways! Wins in the inner grid pay 5x more than in the main grid! Ways wins pay left to right or right to left! Play hold and respin for more opportunities to win jackpots! Wins pay on consecutive reels starting with the outermost reel. Only the highest win paid on each successful way. BASE GAME Active symbol positions in each grid are indicated in white. Ways wins from the inner grid are paid in addition to ways wins from the main grid. Wins on different played ways are added. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination per grid. JACKPOTS There are 5 jackpots available: Mini, Minor, Major, Mega, and Grand. More than one jackpot may be awarded per hold and respin bonus. EXPANDING REELS FEATURE Active symbol positions in each grid during the max expansion are indicated in white. During the reel spin of any base game, the expanding reels feature may be randomly awarded. If the expanding reels feature is awarded, 1 to 5 reels expand to 8 symbol positions high. The inner grid of 24 ways does not expand. The expanding reels feature creates up to 32792 ways to win between the main and inner grids, except if the max expansion is awarded. During the reel spin of any base game, the max expansion may be randomly awarded. If the max expansion is awarded: reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 expand to 9, 10, 12, 9, and 9 symbol positions high, respectively and the inner grid expands to 4, 4, 11, 4, and 2 symbol positions high. The max expansion creates a total of 88888 ways to win between the main and inner grids. HOLD AND RESPIN Different reels are used during the hold and respin bonus. Reels are determined at the start of each respin and depend on the bet from the awarding base game. 6 or more hold and respin symbols in any position on the reels initiate the hold and respin bonus. If fewer than 20 hold and respin symbols appear on the reels in the base game 3 respins are initially awarded. Hold and respin symbols on expanded reels in the base game move to symbol positions in the bonus grid and lock for the remainder of the bonus. All reels containing hold and respin symbols lock for the remainder of the bonus. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the respins. The hold and respin bonus is played on a grid of 20 reels. Only hold and respin symbols are available to win during the bonus. If one or more hold and respin symbols land, the spins remaining resets to 3 and all reels containing hold and respin symbols lock for the remainder of the bonus. The hold and respin bonus ends, when O spins remain or 20 hold and respin symbols are locked. Values and jackpots on each hold and respin symbol are awarded at the end of hold and respin bonus. More than one jackpot may be awarded per hold and respin bonus. Hold and respin symbols either have a jackpot name or a value Grand Jackpot is awarded if all 20 hold and respin symbols have been locked. Return To Player (RTP): 94% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME CONTROLS USER INTERFACE AND MENUS BALANCE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current bet amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytable, Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note: Some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality. DEPOSIT: Add funds to account (available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spins and press 'START' to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spins are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or balance is insufficient. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. -Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using 'stoploss' limits, or when winning above certain amounts. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/29/2025