Amulets of Horus Basic Rules Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Payouts are calculated to winning ways. Winning symbols are removed from the reels, with new symbols falling in from above. This continues until no additional wins can be formed. Game is played as a 5x3 game with 243 ways and goes up to 5x5 with 3125 ways. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. Only highest win is paid for each way symbol combination. All wins are shown in currency. Wild substitutes for all symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BASE GAME On every new spin, 3 random boons will appear below the reels. Each consecutive win, starting from the second cascade, will trigger one boon, one by one from the leftmost of the boons placeholder. Starting from tier 1 up to 3, once all 3 boons are clear, a new tier will appear with 3 new random boons. The upper limit increases with every boon level upgrade. Wild symbol Wilds landing naturally, during the initial spin or cascades, will add an extra symbol on top of the same reel where the wild is, thereby increasing the number of ways. Extra wilds coming from boons will not create an extra symbol. 3125 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 5/13/2025