Golden Horn BASIC RULES Golden Horn is a 5x3 video Slot played on 25 paylines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Special reels are in play during the Free Spins Feature. The game has a win limit of 2500x base bet. HOLD AND RESPIN A screenshot of a video game AI-generated content may be incorrect., Picture 6 or more cash symbol during base game or Free Spins trigger the Hold And Respin bonus. The cash symbols that triggered the bonus stay locked, 3 free respins are awarded and all other positions on the reels are cleared. During free respins, all cells spin as individual reels and only cash symbols may appear. Each new cash symbol that lands, stays locked until the end of the bonus round and resets the free respins back to 3. Cash prizes are between 1x and 20x total bet. Mini is 30x total bet, major is 100x total bet, mega is 1000x total bet and awarded only when all cells are full during the bonus. Bonus ends when no more respins are left or when there are no more empty cells. When respins are ended, the sum of all cash prizes on the screen is awarded. Free Spins Feature A tree in a square with text AI-generated content may be incorrect., PictureA tree in a square with text AI-generated content may be incorrect., PictureA tree in a square with text AI-generated content may be incorrect., Picture 3 Scatters on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger 5 Free Spins. During Free Spins, reels 2, 3 and 4 are merged into one big reel with only mega symbols spinning. Any paying symbol as well as Scatter, Wild and Cash can be a mega symbol. Mega Scatter symbol counts as 1 scatter. Landing 3 scatters during Free Spins retriggers another 5 spins and can be retriggered indefinitely. Buy Bonus (Where available) Free Spins or Hold and Respin bonus can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 50x current total bet. When buying the Free Spins, the RTP is 96.09%. When buying the Hold And Respin, the RTP is 96.28%. Last modification date: 6/26/2025