Gold Party GENERAL GAME RULES Wins on multiple lines are added together. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. The Base Game reel strips contain symbols that change into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: All changed symbol positions on all reels change into the same symbol. is wild and substitutes for all symbols except and . only appears on reels 2,3,4. RESPIN FEATURE 6 or more appearing anywhere on the reels awards the respin feature. The counts two towards the 6 or more triggered symbol count. 8 respins are awarded. The respin feature is played on four 3x5 reel layouts. These layouts will be called GRAND reel layout, MAJOR reel layout, MINOR reel layout and MINI reel layout. Each of the sixty resulting reel positions become independent reels. The triggering will be randomly distributed among the four reel sets at the start of the respin feature, including two for each in the triggering base game spin. These display a randomly chosen credit prize and are help for the remainder of the feature. During the Gold Party Feature, there will be 3 different types of Bonus symbols: , , and . At the end of each respin any that appears will display a randomly chosen credit prize and is held for the remainder of the respin feature. At the end of each respin any symbol that appears will add one to the number of respins remaining and is held for the remainder of the respin feature. At the end of each respin any symbol that appears will randomly reveal a x2, x5, x10, or x25 multiplier that is then applied to one of the currently held credit prizes, randomly selected from any of the four reel sets. This symbol is then held for the remainder of the respin feature. At the end of a respin if any of the four reel sets have all their remaining positions filled then the Bonus Prize corresponding to that reel set will be awarded. Each Bonus Prize can only be awarded once per feature at the end of the respin that filled all the remaining positions in that Bonus Prize’s reel set. All four Bonus Prizes can be won in a single respin feature. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: Grand Bonus Prize 10,000.00 Major Bonus Prize 400.00 Minor Bonus Prize 100.00 Mini Bonus Prize 40.00 When the respin feature is completed, the player is awarded all the held credit prizes. Bonus Prize values are multiplied by the current bet multiplier. The Bonus Prize values displayed on screen are remultiplied by the current bet level multiplier. Feature ends when 0 respins remain or when all four reels sets have all their positions filled with held bonus symbols. There are no line pays during the respin feature. Different reels are used during the respin feature. The value of the randomly chosen credit prize will be between 0.2X total bet and 100X total bet. COPY REELS FEATURE When a full stack of three symbols is spun up on REEL 1 that stack will be replicated on one or more other reels. This replication is displayed before the remaining reels 2 to 5 stop spinning. Once the copied reels are placed, and the reels stop spinning, the win evaluation will happen as per usual. MAX WIN RULES The maximim win amount is limited to 5163x bet in both base game and free spins. If the total win of a round reaches the maximum win amount, the round immediately ends, the win is awarded , and all remaining free spins are forfeited. BUY GOLD PARTY RESPON FEATURE (WHERE AVAILABLE) The RESPIN feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying if for 100x current total bet. When buying the RESPIN feature it will start will a randomly chosen 9 x , 12 x , or 15 x in the base game spin. GAME RULES Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of 2.00. RTP of this game is 94.00% PAYLINES QUICKSTART Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History – Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game – Closes the game client Sound – Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music- Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available ) – Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) – Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) – Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit ( where available) – Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) – Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available) – Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount enterened. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay buttom while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case game round is interrupted , it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After that period, the incomplete round will be void. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings ( where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode ( where available) Open menu Display/ Hide game rules Turn the music /sound submenu Last modification date: 7/30/2024