Gold Gobblers Game Rules The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet level multiplier. is the WILD symbol and substitutes for all symbols except for the , , and symbols. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. BUY A BONUS The Free Games Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying the FREE GAMES feature, the triggering spin is guaranteed to randomly hit one of the following combinations of triggering symbols, as follows: and , awarding WAYS and WILDS modifiers for the subsequent rounds. and , awarding WAYS and WINS modifiers for the subsequent rounds. and , awarding WILDS and WINS modifiers for the subsequent rounds. and , awarding WAYS, WILDS, and WINS modifiers for the subsequent rounds. The maximum win amount in Buy a Bonus feature is limited to 5988 multiplied by total bet. Paytable 243 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: • History - Displays previous rounds from the current session • Close Game - Closes the game client • Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) • Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) • Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) • Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices • Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: • Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount • Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: • Number of rounds to be played automatically. • Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. • Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. • Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 4057 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Malfunctions Voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 8/5/2025