Panda Pots Basic Rules The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet level multiplier. is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. POT Symbol Feature appears on reel 2 only. appears on reel 3 only. appears on reel 4 only. If appear on the grid, a POT Feature may be triggered and if triggers awards 6 free games. symbols may trigger at the same time if landed simultaneously, combining the feature effects awarding 6 free games. symbol may trigger and add 2, 4, or 6 extra Free Spins. symbol may trigger and add 4, 6, or 8 extra FRAME overlays. may trigger and increase the grid size to 6x5 for the duration of the Free Games with 7776 ways. POT Free Game Feature Inside Free Games, When symbol appears it adds 1,2 or 3 extra free games. When symbol appears it adds 1,2 or 3 FRAME overlays respectively. symbol won’t appear. During each Free Game, a symbol landing anywhere on the grid will add a FRAME overlay on that reel position. Each FRAME overlay will add a new FRAME overlay to that position or, if that position already has one, increase the FRAME overlay multiplier by 1. The starting value of multiplier in the FRAME overlays will always be 1. At the end of the Free Game feature, each FRAME overlay symbol will animate to a credit value. Each FRAME overlay will award a credit value of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25, or 50 times total bet. The credit values awarded to each FRAME overlay will then be multiplied by each FRAME overlay’s multiplier. Different reels are used during the feature. The feature ends when 0 free games remain. The bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Buy Bonus (Where available) Player may purchase a direct POT Feature for 50x current total bet by selecting the Buy a Bonus option. When purchased, a random POT feature will be awarded to the player. The maximum win amount in Buy a Bonus feature is limited to 1928 multiplied by total bet. Buy a Bonus feature RTP is: 94.08% Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen.Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 1666 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited. Last modification date: 7/9/2025