Greek Lightning Basic Rules The base game is played as a 5x3 game with 243 ways. Scatter wins are paid in addition to ways wins. Only the highest scatter win is paid per play. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Free Games Any 3, 4 or 5 award 10, 15 or 50 free games, respectively. At the start of Free Games, an additional bonus reel is added, increasing the reel area from 5x3 to 6x3 Wild Feature may be awarded during the Free Games. The Free Games continue after the completion of the Wild feature. The bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. During the Free Games any 3, 4 or 5 award 10, 15 or 50 additional free games, respectively. During the Free Games, each appears with a bonus, bonus, bonus, bonus or a value of US$1,000.00, US$800.00, US$400.00, US$200.00, US$100.00, US$80.00, US$40.00, US$20.00, US$16.00, US$12.00, US$10.00, US$8.00, US$6.00, US$4.00 or US$2.00. The Free Games end when 0 Free Games remain. The 6th reel during the Free Games Feature only contains . Buy a Bonus (Where available) The Free Games Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying a Free Games Feature, 3 will be awarded randomly awarding 10 free games. Purchased Free Games follow Free Games Feature Rules. Bought free games are always played on a 3x3x4x4x4x4 grid, for the whole duration of the feature. Different reels strips are used during the Buy a Bonus. Buy a Bonus feature RTP is: 94.00% Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of US$2.00. RTP of this game is 93.97%. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off)Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically.Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 11/4/2025