Diamond Desire Flame Basic Rules Diamond Desire Flame is a 3x3 video slot. The game can be played on either 1, 3, 5 or 9 lines by using the line selector. Changing the number of active lines may adjust the current bet. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines only. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Wins on multiple active lines are added together. Wild substitutes for 7s and BAR symbols. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. This game has a win limit of 5000x your bet. RTP of this game is 94.06%. BASE GAME Red, Green and Blue Diamonds are Wild and substitute for 7s and BAR symbols except when a combination of any 3 Diamond symbols appear on an active payline. Red Diamond in a non-Diamond winning combination will multiply the payline's win by 3. Wild multipliers multiply one another for wins on the same payline. MULTIPLIER STICKERS Some symbols have an attached multiplier sticker on them. Available multiplier sticker values are x2, x3, x4 and x5. Multiplier stickers multiply the payline's win. Not all multipliers are available on all reels. x2 multiplier is available on 7s and BAR symbols on reel 1, 2 and 3. x3 multiplier is available on 7s and BAR symbols on reel 1, 2 and 3. x4 multiplier is available on 7 symbols on reel 2 and 3 and on BAR symbols on reel 1, 2 and 3. x5 multiplier is available on 7 symbols on reel 3 and on BAR symbols on reels 1, 2 and 3. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and Lines and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default number of Lines and a Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Up and Down arrow buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Changing the number of Lines Player can change the number of Lines by either: Using Up and Down arrow buttons next to Lines Pressing the Lines number where Lines selector will open up Bet amount and number of Lines cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing Bet amount or Lines will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Spin button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 5000 multiplied by the total bet in base game, bonus features and buy bonus (where available). If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining features are forfeited. Last modification date: 7/24/2025