Thunder Blitz Basic Rules The base game is played on a 3x3 grid, with 9 lines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. Collection Respin Bonus If 1 or more symbols land on Reels 1 and 3, and 1 or more symbols land on Reel 2, they trigger the Collection Respin Bonus and award 3 respins. The feature is played at the same bet level as the triggering game. During the feature, independent reels are used. No line wins are available during the feature. If one or more additional appear, the number of respins is reset to 3. If one or more additional appear, it is locked in place for the remainder of the feature and the number of respins is reset to 3. For any landed, add respective value to all in the grid. For any landed, total from pre-existing will copy over to all landed . The feature ends when 0 respins remain. Random Respin Bonus Any , on the reels, may randomly trigger the Respin Bonus feature. Once triggered, the feature substitutes all symbols different from on reels 1 and 3 with . All that land during the feature are held throughout the feature. If there are no initial upon entering the feature, are randomly added to a position in Reel 2. The Random Respin Bonus follows the same rules as the Collection Respin Bonus. Cash Collect Feature In the base game, if 1 or more symbols land on Reel 1 or Reel 3 (not both), and 1 or more land on Reel 2, the Cash Collect Feature is triggered. All values from are added to the value of any on screen. The player is awarded the total given by all on screen. The GRAND bonus is awarded when "GRAND" appears on a that is won. The GRAND bonus is 3000 credits times the bet level from the awarding game. The MAJOR bonus is awarded when "MAJOR" appears on a that is won. The MAJOR bonus is 200 credits times the bet level from the awarding game. The MINOR bonus is awarded when "MINOR" appears on a that is won. The MINOR bonus is 100 credits times the bet level from the awarding game. The MINI bonus is awarded when "MINI" appears on a that is won. The MINI bonus is 50 credits times the bet level from the awarding game. Each appears with a GRAND bonus, MAJOR bonus, MINOR bonus, MINI bonus, or a value of 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 15 or 20 times the bet level from the awarding game. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND MAJOR MINOR MINI Buy Bonus (Where available) The Random Respin Feature can be instantly triggered during the base game by purchasing it for a cost of 100x current total bet. When buying a feature, 1, 2, or 3 will trigger the feature. Upon triggering, all symbols different from on reels 1 and 3 will be replaced with . Play Random Respin Bonus, which follows the same rules as Collection Respin Bonus. The maximum win amount in Buy a Bonus feature is limited to 10038 multiplied by total bet. Paytable RTP of this game is 93.99%. The RTP was calculated by simulating at least 1 billion spins. Paylines Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Spin button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 9945x multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and respins. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining respins are forfeited. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/5/2025