Cai Fu Emperor Ways WILD appears on reels 2,3,4 and 5 only. WILD appears on reels 2,3,4 and 5 only. Free Spins win is added to the ways wins. Free Spins round win is awarded to the player after the round completes. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 1875 ways to win. CONNECT & COLLECT FEATURE RULES The Connect & Collect – symbol can appear on any non- special position on reels 1 through 5. Hit adjacent Connect & Collect symbols, form left to right, starting with the leftmost reel, touching each other horizontally or vertically, until the chain of symbols reaches one of the special positions on reel 3 or reel 6 to win the award from the reached special position. In the base game and Free Spins, the following symbols can hit randomly on the special positions on reel 3 and/ or reel 6: QUICK COLLECT – Can hit only on the special positions on reel 3. Whenever it hits, it automatically places Connect & Collect symbols in the positions directly to the right of the symbol on reels 4 and 5, thus creating a connection to a special position on reel 6. RESPINS Respin- Can hit only on the special positions on reel 3. Whenever it hits, it triggers 5 respins. During the round, all Connect & Collect symbols hit in the initiating spin remain in place and all other positions on reels 1,2,3,4, and 5 respin. Any Connect & Collect symbols that hit during the respins also remain in place until there are no more respins left. After the round, the game pays for all connections to special symbols. If there are no prizes to Connect & Collect remaining Respins will not play. CREDITS Money Value- Whenever it hits it takes a random money value from a pre-defined set. Whenever it is reached by a connection chain its value is awarded. Possible values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12,x, 16x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80,x 100x, 120x, 160x, 200x, 300x, 400x, or 800x total bet. MINOR MAJOR GRAND Minor, Major, and Grand – Major and Grand can hit only on the special positions on reel 6. Whenever one of them is reached by a connection chain their values are awarded. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND BGG 8,000.00 MAJOR BGG 400.00 MINOR BGG 100.00 ADD WILDS Add Wilds- Whenever it is reached by a connection chain it will add Wild symbols on random positions on reels 2,3,4 and/or 5. Connecting to more than 1 ADD Wilds will increase the number of wilds awarded. 3-18 wilds will be awarded. FREE GAMES Free Spins –Whenever it is reached by a connection chain, after all other awards from the current spin are paid, it will trigger the Free Spins round and award 2x total bet. Amount of Free Spins awarded is determined by a sum of all Free Spins symbols Connect & Collected on a spin. 5-25 FreeSpins will appear as possible awards on reel 3 0r 6 FREESPINS RULES The round starts with the total number of free spins from all Free Spins symbols collected in the triggering spin. During the round reels 1,2, and reels 4,5 stop the same symbols. The Connect & Collect feature is available and functions in the same way as the base game. When more Free Spin symbols are reached by a connection chain during the round, more free spins are awarded equal to the sum of the symbols reached. Special reels are in play during the feature which contain Mystery Replacement symbols. These symbols change into one of the following symbols at the start of each free spin: All changed symbol positions on all reels change into the same symbol. MAX WIN RULES The total credit win of all game states and included features is limited to a maximum of 4680 X Total Bet. If the total win of a round reaches the maximum win amount, the round immediately ends, the win is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. BUY A BONUS (WHERE AVAILABLE) The Free Spins feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100X current total bet. Malfunction voids all pays and play