Charming Hearts Basic Rules Charming Hearts is a 5x4 video Slot played on 40 paylines. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Special reels are in play during the Free Games Feature. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Princes wild symbol appears only on reel 3 and acts as a wild in the hot zone. CHARMING HOT ZONE 2 Symbol placed on the middle of reel 3 highlighted by a special framed Hot Zone. Princess Kiss feature is awarded, when the Princess Wild symbol lands inside the Hot Zone. Free Spins feature is awarded, when 1 Heart Scatter lands inside the Hot Zone. Hot Zone is present during both base game and Free Spins. PRINCESS KISS Princess Wild in the Hot Zone can either upgrade symbols by turning a random Frog symbol into its corresponding Prince symbol, or turn Prince symbols into Wild/Wild Multiplier symbols. Corresponding symbols are: Upgrades are random, not all of the kissed symbols are guaranteed to be upgraded. MULTIPLIERS ARE ADDED TOGETHER The paying sequence when upgrading is to pay all initial wins prior to the Princess Kiss upgrades. This is then followed by any newly created wins as a result of the upgrading sequence only. Frog Symbol Upgrades: The Princess Kiss when upgrading frog symbols are handled as follows: On the first princess kiss, the frog is upgraded to the corresponding high symbol prince. If the same prince symbol receives a second kiss, it now receives a randomly allocated wild banner multiplier (x1, x2 or x3). All wins are now multiplied by the sum of the wild banner multipliers on the corresponding win line. Free Games The Heart Scatter symbol only lands on reel 3. When the Heart Scatter symbol lands inside the Charming Hot Zone, the Free Spins feature is awarded. The number of Free Spins awarded depends on the selected Prince. LOVE METER (DURING FREE SPINS ONLY) Each time during Free Spins, when the Princess Wild lands in the Charming Hot Zone and kisses the players selected Prince, she will randomly upgrade the player’s chosen Prince symbols, into wilds, if there are any on screen. Any such upgrade will increase the Love Meter by 1. The meter fills 1 heart for every round of kisses. Once the meter is filled with 3 hearts, the lowest value Frog symbol will be upgraded to the player chosen prince. Once all Frog symbols have been upgraded to the players chosen prince, no more upgrades are possible. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Spin button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. RTP - 94.04% Last modification date: 1/27/2026