Pride of Egypt Basic Game Rules Minimum bet is 30 credit(s). All pays are on selected lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels. Highest win only on each lit line. Wins on different lit lines are added. All wins are shown in credits. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. MALE LION substitutes for FEMALE LION, RING, FAN, FLAG, SWORD, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. Action Stacked Symbols Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: MALE LION, PYRAMID, FEMALE LION, RING, FAN, FLAG, SWORD, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 before the reel spin is initiated. All replacement positions are filled with the same symbol. Copy and Paste Feature When the same symbol appears at every position on reel 1, at least one of the remaining 4 reels will be randomly selected so that all of the symbols appearing on the selected reel(s) will be replaced by the symbol appearing on reel 1. Balance of Fortune Rules When the free game feature is triggered the player may commence playing free games by selecting FREE GAME or exchange the free games by selecting CREDIT PRIZE. The CREDIT PRIZE is a random amount that, on average, is greater when more free games are exchanged. When playing free games the player may exchange the balance of their free games for a CREDIT PRIZE by pressing button, provided the player has more than 20 free games remaining. Free Game Feature 3, 4 or 5 PYRAMID wins trigger 5, 10 or 15 free games respectively. All wins during the feature are doubled. Additional free games can be won during the free games. During the feature, all pays are on 30 lines. Credits bet remain the same as the game that triggered the feature. Last modification date: 11/6/2018