Slingo Ante Up Slingo is a mix of slots and bingo. Match numbers on the reel with the grid to complete slingos and move up the pay ladder. The base game has 10 spins but you can select more or less spins with the total bet changing to reflect your chances of winning Wilds allow you to pick a number to match Please gamble responsibly How To Play Slingo Ante Up is the fast paced mix of slots and bingo that gives you control on how many spins you want. Select a base stake. Each standard game last 10 spins. You can also change the number of spins in you game. The total bet reflects your chances to win, using the base stake and number spins selected. Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above. Match numbers on the reel with the numbers in the grid. The cash prizes increases withevery slingo completed. X's are blocking symobls. Super wilds allow you to mark any number in the whole grid. Free spin symbols add an extra spin. Win Lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Based on besty strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 95% regardless of the number of spins selected. Malfunctions voids pays and plays. Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of jokers and super jokers is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Player Controls Play controls can be selected from the menu. Set the maximum number of extra spins to be offered. Set the maximum price to be offered as an extra spins Set the maximum stake for any single game Set the maximum loss for any single game The game will automatically end if any of the set limits are reached. Extra spins are available after each game. Prices may be in excess of your base stake. The price of each spin is dependant on the grid pisition and potential prizes. The price for the next spin is shown on the psin button. You can control extra spin limits in the play controls. Three or more joker or super joker symbols anywhere on a single spin award a cash prize The potential wins available are displayed in turn The numbers required are highlighted Press collect to end the game Free Games If a player is awarded a free game of Slingo Ante Up they will be able to play the game for free at a predefined staking value. When the game is completed, the winnings accrued by completing horizontal, vertical or diagonal slingos will be displayed to the player. For the avoidance of doubt, the free game is considered as a bonus cash stake. Pending Games Incomplete Games Will Be Automatically Completed 48 Hours After Launch. Any Remaining Spins Will Be Played Out With A Random Number Generator Used To Many Any Player Decisions. Any Winnings Will Be Automatically Credited. Last modification date: 11/18/2022