Candy Treasures Cash Towers CASHPOT There are 3 towers with a corresponding symbol for each. Landing a symbol on the reel will highlight a level in the corresponding tower and update the cashpot with the level amount. All cash is accumulated in the cashpot. You can collect the cashpot amount at any point or continue playing for the bonus prize and direct wins. Collecting the cashpot will reset the towers progress. To change bet, the Cashpot must be collected first. RTP of this game is 92.27-97.57%. The paytable is displayed above the reel. DIRECT WINS Once a tower is fully highlighted, landing the corresponding symbol will award a direct win cash prize of the highest level within the tower directly to your balance. SPECIAL SYMBOLS Wild symbol highlights a level on all 3 towers at once. Stopper symbol resets all towers and cashpot to 0. BONUS After winning the bonus prize, the towers stay highlighted. Winning the bonus prize again is only possible after towers and cashpot are emptied or collected. The bonus prize (corresponding to x500 your bet) is awarded when the highest level of all towers are highlighted.Candy Treasures Cash Towers™ is a 1x1 video Slot game. Maximum win per this jurisdiction! Be aware - maximum win allowed in the jurisdiction you are currently playing is {JURISDICTION_MAX_WIN_CAP_AMOUNT}. This means, that even though game may display higher win amounts, your balance will be credited only for {JURISDICTION_MAX_WIN_CAP_AMOUNT}. WIN/LOSS Maximum Bet: {amount} Maximum Win: {amount} Maximum Hourly Loss: {amount} MAX WIN PROBABILITY The probability of the maximum win displayed in this game refers to the sum of winnings of the highest possible symbol values, across all possible win criteria - either as a single game round or collectively as part of a feature. This may, or may not, include additional winnings obtained through extra win multiplying possibilities within the game. Higher winnings are also possible at a lower probability. Quick start A game round begins when the player presses spin and continues until they collect the cashpot or the stopper lands, resetting the towers and cashpot to 0. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Super Turbo mode (where available) Super Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation beyond Turbo mode when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result, but only the visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Up and Down arrow buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Spin button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Starting a new spin automatically closes the previous round. When a disconnection occurs between closing a round and starting a new one, collection will only be available after a new round has been played. Last modification date: 1/13/2026