Cosmic Cash All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Scatter wins pay in any position. Only highest scatter win paid per play. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins are shown in credits. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. COSMIC CASH RESPIN FEATURE 6 or more awards the Respin Feature. 3 Respins are awarded. The feature is played at the same bet multiplier as the awarding game. Each symbol position spins separately during the feature. No line or scatter wins are available during the feature. Bonus Prizes will appear above each reel. All triggering symbols will move to the bottommost positions in their reels not occupied by and are locked for the remainder of the feature. If one or more additional appears, the number of respins is reset to 3. Any additional will move to the bottommost positions in their reels not occupied by and lock for the remainder of the feature. If all 4 symbol positions in the same reel are locked with , then 1 additional symbol position will be added to that reel. If all 5 symbol positions in the same reel are locked with , then 1 additional symbol position will be added to that reel. The feature ends when 0 respins remain or all 30 symbol positions have . If 6 symbol positions in the same reel are locked with , then the Bonus Prize associated with that reel will be awarded. If the Bonus Prize is a win multiplier, then only in the associated reel will be multiplied by the win multiplier. All prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. If free games Bonus Prizes are won, then the Free Games Bonus will be played after the feature is completed. If multiple free games Bonus Prizes are awarded, they will be added together and only one Free Games Bonus will be played. The Grand, Major, Minor, and Mini bonus prizes can only be won in Respins Feature when 6 fill up corresponding game row within the duration of feature. Different reels are used during the feature. Possible range of prizes is: 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x 80x 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 500x total bet and/or x2,x3 x4,x5, x10, x20,x25 x50 multipliers and/or Mini, Minor, Major, Grand Bonus prizes. 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, or 100 Free Games can be awarded as one or more prizes. Possible values that can appear on are x0.4, x0.5, x0.6, x0.8, x1, x1.5, x2, x4, x5, x10, x20, x25, x40, x50 players total bet. FREE GAMES BONUS RULES Any 3, 4 or 5 awards 10, 20 or 50 free games, respectively. During free games, any 3, 4 or 5 awards 10, 20 or 50 free games, respectively. Any 6 or more of the same paying symbols on reels 2, 3 or 4 will transform into Credits bet are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Bonus. Different reels are in play during the Free Games Bonus. BUY A BONUS (WHERE AVAILABLE) When buying a bonus player will land 10 and launch Respin Feature Different reels are used during the feature. RTP 95.78 %. PAYLINES QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 11/7/2024