Upshot Brilliant 7s UPSHOT FEATURE 2 Upshot Bonus Scatters trigger the Upshot Feature. Upshot Bonus Scatter is wild, substitutes for all symbols except scatters, and only appears on reels2 and 4. Upshot Bonus Scatter does not appear during Free Spins. During Upshot Feature Launch 16 balls using the plungers on the button panel. If a ball hits a symbol, it awards the value shown. Players start on the Bronze Level. Once the next level is unlocked, only Awards for that level are available. Launch 7 balls to win Bronze Awards () and unlock the Silver Level. Launch 5 balls to win Silver Awards () and unlock the Gold Level. Launch 3 balls to win Gold Awards () and unlock the Wheel Level. Launch 1 ball at the Wheel Award Symbols on the Wheel Level to win 1 spin of the Bonus Wheel. Bonus Wheel Feature is explained on page 3.The Upshot Feature ends after the Wheel Level is completed All awards shown in credits unless otherwise stated and are based on your current bet of xx credits. FREE SPINS FEATURE 2 Wild Free Spins Scatters triggers xx Free Sprins. Wild Free Spins Scatter is wild, substitutes for all symbols except scatters, and only appears on reels 2 & 4.2 Wild Free Spins Scatter does not appear during Free Spins. During Free Spins 1 Wild Upgrade Scatter adds an additional 3x5 reel grid for the duration of Free Spins. Wild Upgrade Scatter is wild, substitutes for all symbols except scatters, and only appears on reel 3 of the original reel grid during Free Spins. Once 2 additional reel grids have been added, no more Wild Upgrade Scatters will appear for that Free Spins session. 2 Bonus Wheel Scatters award 1 spin of the Bonus Wheel at the end of Free Spins. Bonus Wheel Scatter only appears on reels 2 and 4 during Free Spins. Bonus Wheel Feature is explained on page 3. Bonus Wheel Scatters are counted across all active reel grids. Free spins are played at the same bet as the triggering spin. BONUS WHEEL FEATURE Hitting a Wheel Award Symbol during the Upshot™Feature awards 1 spin of the Bonus Wheel or 2 Bonus Wheel Scatters during Free Spins awards 1spin of the Bonus Wheel. During the Bonus Wheel Feature Press Spin or swipe the screen to spin the BonusWheel and win a Jackpot Award shown below. Jackpot Awards Regal Major Grand Mini All awards shown in credits unless otherwise stated and are based on your current bet of xx credits. SYMOBLS 25 PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Bet a minimum of xx credits to play all 25 lines. All winning line symbols must appear on a playedline and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. For multiple denomination games, press the denomination button to change the value. Player interaction with the screen during the Upshot™ Feature and Bonus Wheel Feature is for entertainment purposes only, and does not have any impact on game outcome. Free Spins use an alternate set of reels. Wins on all lines are added USER INTERFACE Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/5/2024