Chaoji Caishen Basic Rules Press either the SPIN or PLAY button to initiate the game round. If the FIRECRACKER METER does not fill up completely and explode during the game round, the next game round can be initiated before the FIRECRACKER METER completely filled up. A winning play occurs when the FIRECRACKER METER fills up completely and explodes during the game round. 3 to 10 prizes can be awarded on a winning play, plus a chance to trigger the CHOOSE AND REVEAL BONUS FEATURE if all 3 are awarded at the same time. The FIRECRACKER METER at beginning of a game round do not affect the game round outcome. REPEAT WIN FEATURE The REPEAT WIN FEATURE occurs in the Base Game and does not apply to BONUS PRIZE wins from the CHOOSE AND REVEAL BONUS FEATURE. The REPEAT WIN FEATURE may be randomly activated on any winning play which awards currency prize values from the Base Game. If the REPEAT WIN FEATURE is activated during a winning play, a random REPEAT WIN number of 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 will be chosen. At the end of the winning play the accumulated award of all currency win values awarded on that winning play is multiplied by the REPEAT WIN number chosen for that winning play. The multiplied winning value is then awarded to the player along with any BONUS PRIZES which may have also been awarded on that winning play. CHOOSE AND REVEAL BONUS FEATURE The CHOOSE AND REVEAL BONUS FEATURE is awarded if the 3 are awarded at the same time on a single winning play. Choose to reveal , , or . Revealed symbols will be collected in the BONUS PRIZE meters for the corresponding BONUS PRIZE. Continue to choosing until one of the 3 BONUS PRIZE meters is full. The corresponding BONUS PRIZE is awarded to the player, and the CHOOSE AND REVEAL BONUS FEATURE is then finished. Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of $0.30. RTP of this game is 94.18%. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends with either showing no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up presentation animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 11/7/2024