Diamond Safari Basic Rules The Base Game reel strips contain symbols that change into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: is wild and substitutes for all symbols except appears on reels 1 and 2 only. The base game is played as a 5x3 game with 243 ways. Free Spins Feature Any 3, 4 or 5 awards 10, 15 or 50 free games, respectively. Wild Respin feature may be awarded during the Free Games, the free games continue after the completion of the Wild Respin feature. The bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Every free game will begin as a 6x3 game, where there are 6 reels with each reel showing 3 symbols high. During the Free Games any 3, 4 or 5 awards 10, 15 or 50 additional free games, respectively. Different reels are used during the feature. Wild Respin Feature appearing in any position on reels 1 and 2 awards the Wild Respin Feature. If appears on reel 1 only or reel 2 only, a may be randomly placed on reel 2 or reel 1, respectively, and award the Wild Respin Feature. If the feature is awarded during a base game, 1 row, a sixth reel, or 1 row and a sixth reel may be added during the awarding reel spin. If 1 row is added, reels 3, 4, and 5 expand vertically to 4 symbol positions high. If a sixth reel and 1 row are added, reels 3, 4, 5, and 6 expand to 4 symbol positions high during the awarding reel spin. If the Wild Respin feature is awarded during a free game, reels 3, 4, 5, and 6 may expand vertically to 4 symbol positions high during the awarding reel spin. If the Wild Respin feature is triggered during the base game the player is awarded one respin and if triggered during a free game they are awarded two respins. After ways wins and scatter wins are evaluated, reels 1 and 2 and all symbol positions containing lock for the remainder of the feature and the reels automatically respin If there are respins remaining, any new symbol positions containing lock for the remainder of the feature and the reels automatically respin again. If all symbol positions are locked after a respin, the reels do not respin again. Only symbols are available during the feature. Different reels are used during the Wild Respin feature. Reels 3, 4, and 5 are determined at the start of each respin and depend on the bet multiplier and the symbols appearing on those reels at the end of the previous spin. After a respin, if reel 3, 4, or 5 contains no a symbol position on that reel may be randomly transformed . A symbol position on a reel may only transform if 1 or more appear on the adjacent reel to the right of that reel and a win is created as a result of the transformation. Only 1 symbol position may be transformed per Wild Respin feature. If all symbol positions are locked in the awarding game or after a respin, the reels do not respin and wins are evaluated and then evaluated once again for each remaining respin (if any). Wins are evaluated after the respins are complete or after all symbol positions are locked. symbols appearing on adjacent reels beginning with reel 3 are evaluated. Each symbol that is evaluated awards the Grand, Major, Minor, or Mini, respectively. Each symbol that is evaluated awards the corresponding cash value times the bet multiplier from the awarding game. Values displayed on the feature screen with have been pre-multiplied by the bet multiplier from the awarding game. Each appearing on the reels will contain a cash value. Game Rules Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of 0.90. RTP of this game is 94.48%. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only highest win is paid for each way symbol combination. Wins on different played ways are added. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. Scatter wins are paid in addition to the ways wins. Only highest scatter win is paid per play. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. Buy a Bonus (Where available) The Free Games Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying a Free Games Feature, 4 will be awarded randomly awarding 15 free games. Purchased Free Games follow Free Games Feature Rules.Bought free games are always played on a 3x3x4x4x4x4 grid, for the whole duration of the feature. Last modification date: 12/6/2023