Golden Avalanche GAME RULES Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Payouts are calculated to winning ways. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Cash Fall Respins Land 6 or more of the Coin symbols to trigger the Cash Fall Respins bonus. The Respin bonus will start with feature trigger Coin symbols locked in place. 3 Cash Fall Respins are awarded. Coin symbols will value from 1x to 250x. If 1 or more Coin symbols land, the respins will be reset to 3 and the Coin symbols will be locked into their positions for the remainder of the feature. The feature ends when remaining respins is 0 or all of the slot are filled, triggering the Cash Fall Super Bonus. The total win will be the sum of all values on locked in Coin symbols In the event that Cash Fall Respins and Avalanche Free Games are triggered simultaneously in Base Game, the Cash Fall Respins is played first. Cash Fall Respins can be triggered within the Avalanche Free Games. Cash Fall SUPER BONUS : When the entire board is filled with Coin symbols, ALL coin values shown will be replaced by the highest Coin value collected on screen. Avalanche Free Games Coin symbols will value from 1x to 250x. If 1 or more Coin symbols land, the respins will be reset to 3 and the Coin symbols will be locked into their positions for the remainder of the feature. The feature ends when remaining respins is 0 or all of the slot are filled, triggering the Cash Fall Super Bonus. The total win will be the sum of all values on locked in Coin symbols In the event that Cash Fall Respins and Avalanche Free Games are triggered simultaneously in Base Game, the Cash Fall Respins is played first. Cash Fall Respins can be triggered within the Avalanche Free Games. Cash Fall SUPER BONUS : When the entire board is filled with Coin symbols, ALL coin values shown will be replaced by the highest Coin value collected on screen. Avalanche Free Games Avalanche Free Games is triggered when 3 or more scatters map symbols land in Base Game. 3,4 or 5 Scatter map symbols awards 12, 18 or 24 Free Games. For every new map scatter which lands, +1 new free spin is added. Inside Avalanche Free Games, every win cascade achieved raises the win multiplier by x1. The starting multiplier is x1. The win multiplier remains throughout Avalanche Free Games until all free games have been completed. The value of the current free game win will be multiplied by the displayed multiplier. The win multiplier is not available in Base Game. Cash Fall Respins can be triggered within Avalanche Free Games. Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of 0.4 RTP of this game is 95.80% 1024 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Winning symbols are removed from the reels, with new symbols falling in from above. This continues until no additional wins can be formed. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 8/7/2024