Bankers and Cash Bankers and Cash GAME RULES GENERAL GAME RULES Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatter, Cash Prizes & Double Wilds. 1 Double Wild multiplies the win by 2, while 2 Double Wilds multiply by 4. PIG SPENDER FEATURE Any win that does not trigger the Makin Bacon Respin Feature has a chance to trigger Pig Spender feature. The player will be re-awarded his current win up to 5 times. MAKIN BACON RESPIN FEATURE 3 Scatter Symbols on a winline award the Makin Bacon Respin Feature. The reels expand to 5x3 reels. The feature is played at the same bet level as the awarding game. Cash Prize Symbol Only Cash Prize symbols are available in this feature. If at least one appears on a respin, the symbol will lock and the number of respins is reset to 3. When 0 respins remain, or all symbol positions are locked, the Cash Prize symbols will reveal the prize value and all prizes are awarded. GRAND MAJOR MINOR MINI GRAND MAJOR MINOR MINI Prizes awarded - MAJOR, MINOR and MINI are awarded respectively for every instance shown. The GRAND Bonus Prize is awarded when all positions are locked. Cash Prize symbols can reveal a MAJOR, MINOR, MINI Bonus Prize, or a value of 1 to 100 times the bet. BUY BONUS FEATURE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Makin' Bacon Respin feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 60 x current total bet. When buying the RESPIN feature it would start with 3 predetermined positions of Scatters in the base game to trigger the feature. Buy Bonus feature RTP is: GAME RULES Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of BGG 1.00. RTP of this game is WILD SYMBOL ANY 3 CASH COMBINATION RESPIN TRIGGER SYMBOL RESPIN AWARD All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. All line wins are displayed in currency. PAYLINES QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 7/3/2024