Crazy Money Deluxe Sky Wheel Bonus Feature Wheel scatters triggers the Sky Wheel bonus. Scatter only appears on reels 1,3, & 5. Press spin to land on one of the following wedge awards. Bonus Wedge Awards Spin the inner wheel to be awarded either 100,50,40,30 or Money Catch bonus picks. Credit Wedge Awards Spin the Sky Wheel to win 6000, 2500, 1500, 1125, 1000, 875, 750, or 600 them, spin the inner wheel to win 5x, 4x 3x, or 2x multipliers, or a re-spin of the Sky Wheel. If a multiplier is awarded, the credit award will be multiplied by the amount shown. Multiplier awards only apply to the current spin & do not affect credit awards from previous spins of the Sky Wheel . If the re-spin is won, one more spin of the Sky Wheel is awarded. The re-spin award will not be available on the inner wheel during the re-spin of the Sky Wheel. At max bet of 300 credits, players will be awarded the corresponding progressive award shown on the top display. At less than max bet, players will be awarded the corresponding credit value shown on the top display. If a progressive is awarded, the player receives the award shown and the wheel bonus is over. Progressive awards can only be won on the Sky Wheel. Each floating bill has a mystery value that is revealed when you touch it. These values are added to your winnings! The bonus is over when you have used all remaining picks. Once the Money Catch Bonus Game is awarded, if no player-initiated selections is made, bonus play will auto-start after a 2 minute countdown. Progressive awards are not available during the Money Catch Bonus Game. Additional Information All winning line symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the left-most reel. Bet a minimum of 60 credits to play all 15 lines. Wins on all lines are added. Each progressive jackpot increases by a percentage of the total credits wagered each spin. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Progressive jackpot is linked with all other players on the site. To collect your winnings, press the “Cashout” button. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94% Last modification date: 1/20/2021