Slingo Super Spin Select your stake and press spin to begin Cash prizes are awarded for 4+ completed Slingos, the more Slingos completed, the more you win You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with the numbers in the grid Wilds allow you to mark any number in the column above X is a blocking symbol and does not affect the grid Free spin symbols add an additional spin Super wilds allow you to mark any number in the grid Play controls can be selected from the options menu Set the maximum number of extra spins to be offered Set the maximum price to be offered as an extra spin Set the maximum total stake for any single game Set the maximum total loss for any single game The game will automatically end if any of the set limits are reached Extra Spins Extra spins are available after each game Price may be in excess of your base stake You can control extra spin limits in the play controls The price of each spin is dependent on the grid state and potential prizes The price for the next spin is shown on the spin button Collect or buy more spins Please gamble responsibly Super Spin Reel The super spin reel gives an extra chance to mark the grid Duplicate numbers on the super spin reel and the normal reel award a super wild Scatter Bonus Six wild or super wild symbols on a single spin award a cash prize You Could Win The potential wins available on the next extra spin are displayed in order The numbers required are highlighted Press collect to end the game at the current prize level Win lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable, as the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of wilds and super wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most Slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist, again a random choice is made. Rules X Symbols appear on the centre reel and super spin reel only Free spin symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins Extra spins are available after each game. Based on best strategy the standard game has a theoretical RTP of 96.71% Base on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 96.05% Prices are rounded to the nearest whole value which may alter the RTP Malfunction voids pays and plays In extra spins some potential prizes may require super wilds. Pending Games Incomplete games will be automatically completed 3 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 5/16/2024