Star Watch Fire Overview Stars align in a galactic halo and volcanos erupt with electrified excitement in this 5-reel, 25-line slot from Konami. Luminous stars may award wheel spins, progressive wins, bonus prizes, and credit prizes. Any 3 or more fireball symbols trigger up to 20 free games. During the free games, all line and scatter wins are 2x and any reel with a star symbol nudges until all positions on that reel are stars. KEY GAME FEATURES Stars align in a galactic halo and volcanos erupt with electrified excitement this slot-apocalyptic, built-in progressive for the Stack & Crescent cabinet Luminous stars reward credit prizes, progressive wins and bonus prizes, which may award wheel spins of a greater magnitude! New betting structure of incentivizing higher bets for players to bet more for a greater chance of a higher jackpot Line and Scatter wins during the free games are 2X Action Stacked Symbols appear on all reels Available in Fixed 25 Line configurations with forced Extra Bet (depending on the reels activated) Primary game: Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly re­placed with the same symbol before the reel spin is initiated. Free Game Feature Any 3, 4 or 5 FIREBALL symbol trig­ger 8, 12 or 20 free games respectively. Line and scat­ter wins during the free games are 2x. If PRIZE lands on a reel in FRAME, after any line or scatter wins are paid, all reels with PRIZE are nudged until all positions on that reel are PRIZE. Each prize displayed on PRIZE on a reel in FRAME is awarded after nudging. Prize Feature Each prize displayed on PRIZE that lands on a reel in FRAME is awarded. The prize displayed on PRIZE is randomly selected from one of the following: CREDIT PRIZE, MINI BONUS, MAJOR BONUS, MEGA, MAXI or WHEEL. Each credit prize is ran­domly selected from 50 to 1,500. Each credit prize displayed on PRIZE is multiplied by the bet per line at the beginning of each spin. One spin on the wheel is awarded for each PRIZEWHEEL appearing on a reel in FRAME. Press the spin button to spin the wheel to win MINI BONUS, MAJOR BONUS, MEGA or MAXI. RTP: The theoritical win for the player is 94%. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 3/17/2021