Puff Puff Puffer GAME RULES Basic rules The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet level multiplier. is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: , , , , , , , , , and . only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only highest win is paid for each way symbol combination. Wins from different game modes are to be added. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. PEARL Symbol Feature appears on reel 2 only. appears on reel 3 only. appears on reel 4 only. All PEARL symbol triggers will be combined into 1 Free Game feature. PEARL Effects: SPLOOSH feature symbol may trigger and add 2, 4, 7, 12, or 17 extra Free Spins. If triggered, can retrigger and add 2, 3, or 5 extra Free Spins. SPLASH feature symbol may trigger and add 3, 5, 8, 10, or 15 extra FRAME overlays. If triggered, can retrigger and add 3, 5, 10, or 15 extra FRAME overlays. SPLISH feature symbol may trigger and increase the reel window size to 6 symbols tall for the duration of the Free Games. FISH Free Game Feature The Player is awarded 8 Free Games, plus any extra free games awarded from a trigger. symbol won’t appear. During each Free Game, a symbol landing anywhere on the reel window will add a FRAME overlay on that reel position. The starting value of multiplier in the FRAME overlays will always be 1. Each FRAME overlay will add a new FRAME overlay to that position or, if that position already has one, increase the FRAME overlay multiplier by 1. At the end of the Free Game feature, each FRAME overlay symbol will animate to a credit value. Each FRAME overlay will award a credit value of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100 times total wager. The credit values awarded to each FRAME overlay will then be multiplied by each FRAME overlay’s multiplier. Different reels are used during the feature. The feature ends when 0 free games remain. The bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Buy Bonus (Where available) Player may purchase a direct FISH Feature for 100x current total bet by selecting the Buy a Bonus option. When purchased, a random FISH feature will be awarded to the player. The maximum win amount in Buy a Bonus feature is limited to 1660 multiplied by total bet. Paytable FR Symbol that adds FRAME overlay during free games. 243 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 1660 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 8/5/2025