Shark Hunter Basic Rules All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only the highest scatter win is paid per play. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. Free Spins Feature Any 3, 4 or 5 awards 10, 15 or 20 free spins respectively and 5 Gold Spins. After each base game spin, a mystery award of 10 free spins, 50 credits multiplied by bet level multiplier and 5 Gold Spins can be awarded. The Gold Spins Value Meter starts at 25 credits multiplied by bet level multiplier of the game that triggered the feature. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. During free spins, any 2, 3, 4 or 5 awards 3, 10, 15 or 20 free spins respectively. Each will display a randomly chosen credit value from the following values: 50, 60, 80, 100, 200, 250, 400, 500, 800, 1000, 2000, 2500. These values are multiplied by the bet level multiplier. Free Spins Feature ends when 0 free spins remain, and Gold Spins will begin. Gold Spins Feature Rules The Gold Spins Collect Meter starts at 1. During free spins, any 2, 3, 4 or 5 awards 3, 10, 15 or 20 Gold Spins respectively. Gold Spins Feature ends when 0 Gold Spins remain. At the end of the Gold Spins Feature, the player is awarded the value shown in Gold Spins Value Meter multiplied by the Gold Spins Collect Meter. Buy a Bonus The minimum Buy a Bonus Bet is 2500 multiplied by the bet multiplier (100 x total bet) When bought, 3, 4 or 5 symbols will award 10, 15, or 20 free spins respectively and 5 Gold Spins. Buy a Bonus feature RTP is: 94.27 % Game Rules Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of $2.00. RTP of this game is 94.01 %. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 12/17/2024