Congo Cash BASIC RULES Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Reels are determined at the start of each game. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except for Gem Feature wins. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 432 ways to win MAX WIN GAME RULES The maximum win amount is limited to 2950x bet in the both the base game and free spins. If the total win of a round reaches the maximum win amount, the round immediately ends, the win is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. GAME RULES Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of $2.00. RTP of this game is 95.50%. QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After that period, the incomplete round will be void Last modification date: 12/6/2023