Fate of the 8 Power Wheel Feature How to Play 3 Power Wheel scatter triggers the Power Wheel feature. Power Wheel scatter only appears on reels 1,3 & 5. Press spin to land on one of the following wedge awards shown below. Jackpot Wedge Awards Players will be awarded the corresponding jackpot wedge award shown on the Power Wheel . Once the player receives the award shown, the Power Wheel feature is over. Jackpot wins are determined when the Power Wheel stops. Credit Wedge Awards If a credit wedge stops on the outer wheel, the player receives the award shown on the wedge and then spins the inner wheel. The inner wheel awards a 4X, 3X, or 2X multiplier, or a re-spin of the outer wheel. If an inner wheel multiplier is awarded, the credit award will be multiplied by the amount shown and the Power Wheel feature is over. Multiplier awards only apply to the current spin & do not affect credit awards from previous spins of the wheel. If the inner wheel re-spin is won, one more spin of the wheel is awarded. The re-spin award will the not be available on the inner wheel during the re-spin of the wheel. Bonus Wedge Awards If the Power Wheel stops on a bonus wedge, the player will be prompted to spin the inner wheel. Spin the inner wheel to be awarded either a 38, 28, 18 or 8 level Koi Catch Bonus. Koi Catch Bonus Game Rules Landing on the bonus wedge during the Power Wheel spin awards the Koi Catch Bonus game. Players are awarded 38, 28, 18 or 8 initial picks during the Koi Catch Bonus. Touch the screen to catch the koi fish. For each koi fish that is selected, one of the awards shown on the above award table can be awarded. The +1 pick awards one additional pick in addition to the credits. The bonus game is over when the number of picks reaches zero. Interactions with the touch screen during the Koi Catch Bonus is merely for entertainment purposes and does not have any impact on game outcome. Instant Stacks Feature When a full stack (3 vertically) of Instant Stacks scatter symbols land on the reels, the Instant Stacks credit value shown is awarded. Instant Stacks scatter symbols only appear on reels 2 & 4. Instant Stacks feature pays in addition to line wins & is not based on any pay lines and functions as a scatter award. Additional Information Bet a minimum of XX credits to play all 30 pay lines. All winning line symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel, excluding Power Wheel scatter and Instant Stacks scatters. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94.08% ALL AWARDS SHOWN IN CREDITS, UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED, AND ARE BASED ON YOUR CURRENT BET OF XX CREDITS. Last modification date: 3/16/2021