Hong Kong Double Deluxe Hong Kong Double Deluxe™ brings the riches of the East to your fingertips with dual bonus wheels! Hong Kong money symbols make up the 13-line reel set with IT’s signature Angle Pay® lines. When the Double Deluxe bonus is triggered with three Double Deluxe wheel scatters, players must spin the left wheel to win either Bonus Spins, a Money Catch Bonus, Jackpots, or Credits + Respin! The Bonus and Bonus Spins wedge leads players to spin the second wheel to determine their award of either additional credits or a multiplier to be applied to their awarded Money Catch Bonus or bonus spins round. The Credits + Respin wedge allows players to spin the right wheel for huge credit awards and then a second chance to spin the initial wheel for a bonus feature or jackpot award. The Jackpot wedge will allow players to spin the right wheel for a chance at the mini, minor, major, or grand prizes. No matter how you spin it, Hong Kong Double Deluxe™ offers double the fun anywhere you go! DOUBLE DELUXE WHEEL FEATURE How To Play 3 wheel scatters trigger the Double Deluxe Wheel Feature Wheel Scatter only appears on reels 1, 3 & 5 during the main game Players spin the left wheel first which determines the awards available on the right wheel for the second spin Press SPIN to spin each wheel Bonus Spins Wedge Awards 10 bonus spins and a spin of the right wheel for a chance to win either credits or a multiplier. Possible awards include: – 300, 500 OR 800 – 4X, 3X, or 2X credit multiplier applied at the end of bonus spins. – Multiplier only applies to bonus spins credit wins Money Catch Bonus Wedge Awards the Money Catch Bonus and a spin of the right wheel for a chance to win one of the following awards: – 300, 500 OR 800 – 4X, 3X, or 2X credit multiplier applied at the end of the Money Catch Bonus. Multiplier only applies to Money Catch Bonus credits During Money Catch Bonus Players have 40 catches of floating bills to win credits Each bill has a credit award that is revealed when picked Possible Credit Awards: 5, 10, 20, 50 OR 100 Credits + Respin Wedge Spin the right wheel to win one of the following credit awards: 300, 500, 700 OR 1,000 An additional spin of the left wheel is then awarded Credits + Respin wedge does not appear on the second spin of the left wheel Jackpot Wedge Spin the right wheel to win one of the Jackpot Awards Both wheels may automatically spin and stop at the same time to win one of the Jackpot Awards ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Bet a minimum of 60 credits to play all 13 lines All winning line symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel Only the highest winner paid per winning combination Winning symbols are only available within the gold frame Player interaction during the Double Deluxe Wheel™ Feature and Money Catch Bonus is for entertainment purposes only and does not have any impact on game outcome Bonus Spins use alternate sets of reels Money Catch Bonus credit award values vary based on current bet Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP:94.11% Last modification date: 1/20/2026