Big Roar GAME RULES Wins on multiple lines are added together. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only highest scatter win paid per play. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. This game has a win limit of 5000x your bet. BASIC RULES CHOOSE YOUR LINES The base game can be played on either 5 or 10 lines. Changing the lines may adjust the current bet. In free spins the lines played DOUBLES automatically from the base game selection WILDS Stacked wild appears on reel 3 only Wilds appear only on reels 3, 4, 5, substituting for all symbols except Scatters. FREE SPINS FEATURE Any wild win in base game activates 5 Free Spins. The total value of the wild win only, is recorded as the Scatter Repeat Pay. Every new Scatter Repeat Pay that lands in Free Games, awards the value displayed on the symbol. The line count is automatically DOUBLED from base game to Free Games. FREE SPINS RETRIGGER Additional free spins can be earned with a new wild win in Free Spins, and with +5 free spins awarded. The value of the new wild win is added to the existing Scatter Repeat Pay value. The new total value is paid on all new Scatter Repeat Pay symbols which may land during Free Spins. ROAR BONUS Scratch Scatter During Free Spins, the Scratch Scatters appear on reels 1 and 5 only. Both are required simultaneously to activate and pay. The cash values above reels 1 & 5 will change on every free spin. If a Scratch Scatter lands on reel 1 and 5 simultaneously, cash prizes shown above the respective reels are combined to pay the sum value. The value of the cash prize are: 10x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, Minor= 200x, Major= 500x total bet BUY BONUS ( WHERE AVAILABLE) The Free Games Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 70x current total bet. When buying a Free Games Feature, a wild win will be awarded and triggers 5 free games. Purchased Free Games follow Free Games Feature Rules. Bought free games are always played on double base game lines, for the whole duration of the feature. When buying the bonus from 5 lines, the RTP is xx.xx%. When buying the bonus from 10 lines, the RTP is 94.27%. PAYTABLE Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of 2.00. RTP of this game is 94.27 %. PAYLINES Only the players line selection is valid in Base Game, either the first 5 or 10 lines depending on the players choice. In free games, the active line value is doubled, where the additional lines added become active, the first 10 or all 20 lines, depending on the players Base Game choice. QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 4/22/2025