Gems of Egypt - Queen of Alexandria BASIC RULES Wins on multiple lines are added together. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. All line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. WILD It replaces all symbols expect During Free Spins, regular Wild symbols are present on all 5 reels. During regular play, are present on reel 1 only. FREE SPINS WITH BONUS PRIZES 3 scatter on reels 2,3 and 4 award 8 Free Spins. A filler animation with magic sand occurs next to the next reels every time only 2 are obtained lon reels 2 and 3, and could also randomly award 8 Free Spins. A combination of doesn’t award any prize. The accumulation of magic sand over time next to the reels has no effect on triggering Free Spins with only 2 You could win more Free Spins during Free Spins! Play Free Spins with a chance to win 1 or more BONSU PRIZES! Each of the 5 Bonus Prizes is associated with its own BONUS PRIZE GEM. BONUS PRIZE GEMS: GRAND, MAJOR, MAXI, MINOR, MINI To win a Bonus, 3 identical BONUS PRIZE GEMS must be accumulated through any obtained during the Free Spins. When 1 or more is obtained in a spin, pick one to discover either a prize of 1x total bet or a BONUS PRIZE GEM. Sometimes, when more than 1 is obtained in a spin, 1 additional pick can be awarded on a in addition to a prize or GEM. Wild symbols do not ward any BONUS PRIZE GEMS, prize, or additional pick; only do. awards the same line wins as in the regular game. Prizes discovered on are added to line wins. Free Spins are played with a new set of reels. BONUS PRIZES MINI, MINOR, MAXI, MAJOR and GRAND awarded their designated prizes! GRAND MAJOR MAXI MINOR MINI All 5 BONUS PRIZES are available at all bets and can be won several times in the same Free Spins round. When Free Spins are over, all BONUS PRIZE GEMS are reset for the next Free Spins round. BONUS PRIZES are only available during the Free Spins. MYSTERY WILD In regular play only, a special set of reels containing only HIGH symbols: Can be used at random for a spin. During that spin the Mystery Wild feature can randomly be triggered, adding 3 to 9 on reels 2,3 and/ or 4! is not available at these special reels. Reels are determined at the start of each spin. PAYTABLE Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of 0.5. RTP of the game is 95.00% WILD SYMBOL SCATTER SYMBOL Wins on multiple lines are added together. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only highest scatter win paid to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. PAYLINES QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History – Displays previous rounds form the current session Close Game – Closes the game client Sound- Controls the Sound FXs in the game ( on/off) Music- Controls the Music in the game ( on/off) Turbo Mode ( where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode ( where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate ( where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices ( on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit ( where available ) – Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduces by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature ( where available ) – Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After that period, the incomplete round will be void. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar ( desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings ( where available) Enables / Disables Turbo mode (where available) Open Menu Display/ Hide game rules Turn the music/ sound submenu Last modification date: 3/22/2024