Slingo Inca Trail Introduction Slingo Inca Trail is a fast paced game with an Inca-Redible bonus feature. Select your stake and press start game to begin Complete Slingos to move up the pay ladder You have 10 spins to match numbers on the reel with the grid Arrow symbols move along the trail by the numbers displayed Reach stages 7-9 to trigger the Inca Trail bonus The trail can randomly hold at the start of any spin Spin the wheel to select a symbol Wins are multiples of initial base stake Super and Mega bonus award boosted payouts Move along the trail until you reach the next symbol that was selected Keep spinning until you hit collect or reach Machu Picchu Reach Machu Picchu to select a treasure Wilds allow the player to mark any number in the column above Free spin symbols add an extra spin Super Wilds allow the player to mark any number in the whole grid Play Controls Play controls can be selected from the menu Set the maximum price to be offered as an extra spin Set the maximum number of extra spins to be offered Set the maximum stake for any single game Set the maximum loss for any single game The game will automatically end if any of the set limits are reached Extra Spins Extra spins are available after each game The price of each spin is dependent on the grid position and potential prizes. Prices may be in excess of your base stake You can control extra spin limits in Play Controls Collect or buy more spins. The price for the next spin is shown on the spin button. Wins Lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of wilds and super wilds is always in the position that will move the player closer to a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most Slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in the horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Free Games If a player is awarded a free game they will be able to play the base game for free at a predefined staking value. When the base game is completed, the winnings accrued by completing horizontal, vertical or diagonal Slingos or other special symbol bonuses will be displayed to the player and collected. For the avoidance of doubt, the free game is considered as a bonus cash stake. General Based on best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 96.47% Based on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95.00% Free Spin symbols are removed from the reels in extra spins In extra spins some potential prizes may require super wilds Some extra spin prices may be rounded up and reduce the RTP, especially at lower stakes Malfunction voids all pays and plays Pending Games An incomplete game will be automatically completed 3 hours after launch. Any remaining spins will be played out with a random number generator used to make any player decisions. Any winnings will be automatically credited. Last modification date: 5/16/2024