Heat em Up Power Wheel How to Play 3 Power Wheel scatter triggers the Power Wheel feature. Power Wheel scatter only appears on reels 1,3 & 5. Press spin to land on one of the following wedge awards shown below. Jackpot Wedge Awards Players will be awarded the corresponding jackpot wedge award shown on the Power Wheel. Once the player receives the award shown, the Power Wheel feature is over. Jackpot wins are determined when the Power Wheel stops. Power Wheel Feature Credit Wedge Awards If a credit wedge stops on the outer wheel, the player receives the award shown on the wedge and then spins the inner wheel. The inner wheel awards a 4X, 3X or 2X multiplier or a re-spin of the outer wheel. If an inner wheel multiplier is awarded, the credit award will be multiplied by the amount shown and the Power Wheel feature is over. Multiplier awards only apply to the current spin & do not affect credit awards from previous spins of the wheel. If the inner wheel re-spin is won, one more spin of the wheel is awarded. The re-spin award will not be available on the inner wheel during the re-spin of the wheel. Bonus Wedge Awards If the Power Wheel stops on a bonus wedge, the player will be prompted to spin the inner wheel. Spin the inner wheel to be awarded either a 7,6,5 or 4 level Super Power Up Bonus. Super Power Up Bonus Game Rules Landing on the bonus wedge during the Power Wheel spin awards the Super Power Up Bonus game. Players are awarded a 7,6,5 or 4 level Super Power Up Bonus. Press ‘Spin or swipe the screen to spin the current level of the Super Power Up Bonus . If the spin stops on a Power Up Arrow you are awarded the credit amount shown and you get to spin the next level if the spin does not stop on a power up arrow you are awarded the credit amount shown and the bonus is over. Power Up Arrow does not appear on the last level. A re-spin symbol will appear on the last level. If the re-spin symbol is awarded on the last level, you are awarded the credit amount shown and get spin the last level again. Super Power Up Bonus Press ‘Spin” to re-spin the last level again. When the spin stops, you are awarded the credit amount shown and the bonus is over. Only one re-spin symbol is awarded per Super Power Up Bonus game. The re-spin symbol does not appear on levels 1,2,3 or last level re-spin. Re-spin symbol only appears on the last level. The first spin of the Super Power Up Bonus always starts on level 1. Player interaction with the screen is for the entertainment purposes only and does not affect the game outcome. Instant Stacks Feature When a full stack (3 vertically) of Heat ‘Em Up scatter symbols land on the reels, the Instant Stacks credit value shown is awarded. Heat ‘Em Up scatter symbols only appear on reels 2 & 4. Instant Stacks feature pays in addition to line wins & is not based on any pay lines and functions as a scatter award. Additional Information Bet a minimum of xx credits to play all 30 pay lines. All winning line symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel, excluding Power Wheel scatter and Heat ‘Em Up scatter. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94.08% ALL AWARDS SHOWN IN CREDITS, UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED, AND ARE BASED ON YOUR CURRENT BET OF XX CREDITS. Last modification date: 3/16/2021