Fire Chariot Fire Chariot HIGHLIGHTS Fire Chariot is a 50 line slot played on a 5x3 grid. Play Hold and Respin to win a jackpot! Stacked Wilds appear on reels 2,3,4 and 5! Win big with Wild multipliers in Free Spins! Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win paid on each payline. FREE SPINS 3,4,5 scattered Bonus symbols initiates the Free Spins and awards 2 times the total stake. Win a Scatter award and 8,12,or 16 Free Spins for 3,4, or 5 scattered Bonus symbols respectively. During the Free Spins, 3,4, or 5 Bonus symbols award 8,12,0r 16 additional Free Spins respectively. All wins using a Wild are multiplied by 2 for each Wild used. Free Spins are played with all 50 lines using the same total stake that triggered the Bonus. The Bonus ends when 0 Free Spins remain. Different reels are used during the Free Spins. JACKPOTS There are 4 jackpots available: Mini, Minor, Major, and Grand. HOLD AND RESPIN Major, Minor, Mini, or credits appear on each Hold and Respin symbol. Hold and Respin credit values are 250, 200, 150, 100,50,20,15,10,5,4,3,2, or 1 multiplied by the total stake. 6 or more Hold and Respin symbols initiate the Hold and Respin Bonus. 3 Free Spins are initially awarded. If one or more Hold and Repin symbols land, the spins remaining resets to 3. The Hold and Respin Bonus ends, when 0 spins remain or 15 Hold and Respin symbols have landed. Values on each Hold and Respin symbol are awarded at the end of Hold and Respin feature. Grand is awarded if all 15 Hold and Respin symbols have landed. Return To Player (RTP):95.00% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME CONTROLS USER INTERFACE AND MENUS BALANCE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytables, Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note: some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality. DEPOSIT: Add funds to account (available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spin and press ‘START’ to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spins are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or balance is insufficient. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using ‘stoploss Limits, or when winning above certain amounts. Last modification date: 3/18/2025