Egyptian Magic Keno Game Rules EGYPTIAN MAGIC™ KENO is a standard 80 spot keno game with a 20 number draw. The player may pick from 3 up to 10 numbered spots. Once the minimum required number of spots have been marked and a bet has been made, the draw button will be activated. Press “DRAW” to begin the game only after marking your desired spots and placing your bet on them. 20 numbers will be randomly drawn and displayed on the screen as either misses or hits. A HIT is shown when a drawn number matches any player marked number. Pressing the “DRAW” button after the last draw is done will automatically start a new game draw using the same marked numbers and bet amount as the previous game. Numbered spots can be changed by marking and unmarking them. The “CLEAR PICKS” button can be used to clear all marked numbers prior to a game. The “QUICK PICKS” button will randomly mark the same number of spots as was played on the previous game. If no previous game has been played, the “QUICK PICKS” button will mark ten numbers. The MARKED field indicates how many spots are selected. The hits field indicates the number of player selected spots that were drawn. FEATURES During the base game, there are 4 additional KING spots and another 4 additional QUEEN spots placed randomly on non-player marked spots. If all 4 QUEEN spots are hit the REDRAW BONUS is triggered. If all 4 KING spots are hit then the FREE GAMES are triggered and the player is awarded 12 free games. FREE GAMES The FREE GAMES are a standard 80-spot keno with a 20-number draw. There are 2 additional SACRED CAT, OSIRIS and ANUBIS spots for a total of 6 additional spots placed randomly on non-player marked spots. Free games are played at the same bet level and same number of spots marked as the triggering game. The player can change the marked spots during free games, but the same number of marks as the triggering game must be picked. For each SACRED CAT hit the player is awarded 1 additional free game. For each OSIRIS hit the player is awarded 5 extra draws to be applied to the current draw. For each ANUBIS hit with a win the player will be awarded a 2x, 5x or 10x multiplier that is applied to your win. If 2 ANUBIS are hit, their values are multiplied together and applied to your win. REDRAW BONUS Starts off with a standard 80 spot keno grid with 15 shields with cash values randomly placed and a redraw counter starting at 3. SHIELD On each redraw, the number of draws is equal to the number of remaining shields. If the player hits at least one shield on a redraw the counter will be reset to 3. HIT shields can't be hit more than once during each draw. The feature ends when the redraw counter reaches 0 or all shields are hit. At the end of the feature the cash values are awarded. All cash values are doubled if all shields were hit. The possible cash values are: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 50, 100 x total bet. Paytable The player is paid according to the HITS PAYS table after all 20 numbers are drawn. Only the top winner is paid each game. Winnings are calculated for Bet amount of $1.00. RTP of this game is 95.50%. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet AmountPressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation.Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time du ring the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of draws to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 2/4/2025