Super Rich RULES HIGHLIGHTS Super Rich is a 5x4 grid all ways pay game. Win up to 40x on eligible winning combinations with the Private Jet Multiplier Feature in the Free Spins bonus! Wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win paid on each successful way. FREE SPINS 3 or more Bonus symbols in any position on the reels initiates the Free Spins bonus. During the Free Spins, 2 or more Bonus symbols in any position on the reels award extra Free Spins. The Bonus ends when 0 Free Spins remain or after 300 Free Spins have been played. PRIVATE JET MULTIPLIER FEATURE During the Free Spins, 3 or more Super Rich, Roman, Victoria, Winston, Vincent, or Charlotte symbols in a winning combination initiates the Private Jet Multiplier Feature. The Private Jet Multiplier Feature may be initiated only once per Free Spin. A Private Jet symbol appears over a symbol on each of 1 to 3 reels. Only one Private Jet may appear per reel. A Private Jet may appear on reels 2,3, 4 only. A screen, a Private Jet appearing on reel 4 will fly to a destination on the left side of the screen, and a Private Jet appearing on reel 3 will fly to a destination on either right or left side of the screen. Win a multiplier corresponding to all destinations, up to 40x! If more than one Private Jet flies to the same destination, the multiplier for that destination will increase by 1x. Some multipliers are not available in combination with other multipliers. The final awarded destination multipliers are multiplied together, and all ways wins for that Free Spin are multiplied by the resulting multiplier, except the 5 Super Rich pay. Wins are evaluated after all awarded Private Jets have flown to a destination Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME CONTROLS USER INTERFACE AND MENUS BALANCE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current bet amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytable, Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note: Some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality DEPOSIT: Add Funds to account (available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spins and press ‘Start” to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spins are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or insufficient balance. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using ‘stoploss’ limits, or when winning above certain amounts. Last modification date: 8/12/2025