Mighty Mountain Basic Rules The base game is played on a 5x3 grid, with 25 lines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Special reels are in play during the bonus game. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WILD Wild substitutes for all symbols except Cash symbols. Appears on all reels and can be stacked. CASH SYMBOLS Cash symbols are visually represented differently in base and bonus games. Upgraded in Coin boost feature only Each cash symbol has a prize displayed on it. Base game cash symbols can appear anywhere on reels during base game. Bonus game cash symbols appear only in bonus features. The upgraded version appears only in Coin boost feature. Cash symbols values are only paid in Bonus game. Prizes displayed during base game and bonus game are: x0.5, x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x8, x10, x12, x20, x25, x30, x35, x50, x15 (Mini), x40 (Minor), x200 (Major) bet. BONUS GAME Cash symbols in base game are green, red, blue color and correspond to green, red and blue tiki heads. Landing a cash symbol in base game can randomly trigger the corresponding bonus feature. It is possible to trigger one feature, combination of two or even all three features. The filling of tiki heads is random and unrelated to the player's bet value. All Bonus game features are based on Hold and Respin. At the start of any bonus game, all base game cash symbols (girls) which landed in the triggering spin will turn into bonus game cash symbols (orbs) with the same prize displayed and stay locked until the end of the bonus game. During the bonus game, all cells spin as individual reels and only cash symbols may appear. Each new Cash symbol that lands, stays locked until the end of the bonus game and resets the respins back to its original starting value. If no new symbols landed, the value of the respins remaining lowers by 1. Bonus game ends when no more respins are left or when there are no more empty cells. When respins are ended, the sum of all cash prizes on the screen is awarded. Filling all the positions awards an additional prize of x1000 (Grand) bet. Initial respins awarded may vary based on the feature combination. COIN BOOST Whenever a green base game cash symbol lands, there is a chance to trigger the Coin Boost feature. In this feature 3 initial respins are awarded. In this feature cash symbols can randomly be increased during each spin by: x2, x3, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25, x30, x40, x50, x60, x75, x100 bet. Symbols with Mini, Minor, Major prize can not be increased. Upgraded cash symbols are visually represented by a brighter orb. MIGHTY REEL Whenever a red base game cash symbol lands, there is a chance to trigger the Mighty Reel feature. In this feature two 5x3 reel matrices are awarded with 3 initial respins each. An additional reel is added at the beginning of the bonus game. Cash symbols are copied to the corresponding positions on the additional reel matrix. After that both reel matrices behave independently during the feature. EXTRA SPINS Whenever a blue base game cash symbol lands, there is a chance to trigger the Extra Spin feature. In this feature 4 initial respins are awarded. Every time an additional bonus game cash symbol lands, the number of respins is reset to 4. Buy Bonus (Where available) Bonus game can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it. There are 2 Buy Bonus options: Bonus - at least 1 random feature is guaranteed for a cost of 60x bet When buying the bonus game, the RTP is 94.35%. Super Bonus - where all 3 features are activated for a cost of 150x bet When buying the super bonus game, the RTP is 94.53%. When buying the bonus game, the same bonus game feature rules apply. RTP of this game is 94.22%. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Super Turbo mode (where available) Super Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation beyond Turbo mode when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result, but only the visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Up and Down arrow buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Spin button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. MAX WIN PROBABILITY The probability of the maximum win displayed in this game refers to the sum of winnings of the highest possible symbol values, across all possible win criteria - either as a single game round or collectively as part of a feature. This may, or may not, include additional winnings obtained through extra win multiplying possibilities within the game. Higher winnings are also possible at a lower probability. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Super Turbo mode (where available) Super Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation beyond Turbo mode when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result, but only the visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Up and Down arrow buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. RTP of this game is 94.22%. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Spin button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 12/12/2025