Phone Tag Hot Roll Jackpots To play Phone Tag™ Hot Roll Jackpots™, the player simply sets bets and clicks the spin button to spin the reels . When the player hits at least the minimum required amount of identical symbols* on an active payline, he has won. The more symbols the player hits on an active payline, the better the payout will be. Only the highest win is paid for each active payline. The payout is explained in the game paytable. Three Gossip on a played line starts Pick Bonus. Three Call Around the World scattered starts Respin Bonus. Hot Roll™ overlays appearing on two adjacent reels starts the Jackpots Bonus. WILD Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus. GOSSIP BONUS Gossip Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. CALL AROUND THE WORLD 3 or more Call Around the World symbols in any position initiate the Call Around the World Bonus. Hot Roll Jackpots™ Hot Roll™ overlays appearing in any 2 adjacent reels initiates the Hot Roll Jackpots™ bonus. PICK BONUS Pick Bonus allows players to select a character to begin a series of phone calls that reveal awards and a multiplier. The Bonus ends when the selected character is called. The Pick Bonus starts when 3 "Gossip" land on a played line. 1 Bonus is played per initiation. RESPIN BONUS During the Respin Bonus the initiating symbols become phones and respin to reveal awards. The Bonus ends when all phone symbols have revealed "No Answer". The Respin Bonus starts when 3 "Call Around the World" land anywhere on the reels in the Base Game. 1 Bonus is played per initiation. JACKPOT BONUS The Jackpot Bonus allows players to roll dice to earn the corresponding jackpot or prize. The Bonus ends once 1 roll is complete. The Jackpot Bonus starts when Hot Roll™ overlays appear in any 2 adjacent reels. 1 Bonus is played per initiation. • All winning combinations must appear from left to right and start on the 1st reel. • Only the highest win is paid for each active win-line Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP:94% Last modification date: 3/11/2026