Devilicious Game Rules All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only the highest scatter win is paid per play. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. WILD KISS FEATURE The Wild Kiss Feature can be awarded randomly on any base game or free game spin. If the Wild Kiss Feature is awarded, random positions on the reels are transformed into WILD during the reel spin and are locked into place for the remainder of the feature. If no additional WILD symbols appear on the reels after the reels stop spinning, wins are evaluated and the Wild Kiss Feature ends. If one or more additional WILD symbols appear on the reels after the reels stop spinning, those symbols are locked into place for the remainder of the feature. Wins are evaluated, and the non-locked reels automatically respin once. If one or more additional WILD symbols appear on the reels after a respin, those symbols are locked into place for the remainder of the feature. Wins are evaluated and the non-locked reels automatically respin once. If no additional WILD symbols appear on the reels after a respin, or if all symbol positions are locked, wins are evaluated and the Wild Kiss Feature ends. Free Spins Feature Any 3, 4, 5 awards the Free Games Feature. Upon triggering the feature, a wheel is shown to award 5, 7, 10, 15 or 20 Free Games along with a x1, x2 or x3 multiplier. Any 2, 3, 4, 5 re-trigger, awarding 3, 5, 10, 15 Free Games respectively and increasing the multiplier by 1. The bet level remains the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. The feature ends when there are no free games remaining. BONUS AWARDS 3 or more symbols will award a prize according to the paytable. will be counted as 2 symbols. will be counted as 3 symbols. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: During base game or free games, may randomly transform into or for a bonus award. FEATURE BOOST An ante bet (Feature boost) of $1.00 is offered to the player, for a total bet of $3.00. The ante bet (Feature boost) increases the likelihood of triggering either the Wild Kiss Feature and the Free Games Feature. BUY A BONUS (WHERE AVAILABLE) The Free Games feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying a Free Games feature 3, 4, or 5 will be awarded to trigger the feature. Upon triggering, a wheel is shown to award 7, 10, 15 or 20 free spins along with a x2 or x3 multiplier. Purchased free spins follow the “Free Spins Feature Rules”. The RTP of Buy Bonus is 94.11% The maximum win amount in Buy a Bonus feature is limited to 20662 multiplied by total bet. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 9325 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited.