Big Prize Bubble Gum Deluxe Free Spins Feature Free Spin Scatter Symbols Awards 1 Free Spin Awards 5 Free Spins Awards 10 Free Spins Additional Free Spins Information Free spin scatter symbols may appear on any reel. A total of 1000 free spins may be awarded over the course of the free spins feature. If the free spin limit of 1000 is reached, no more free spins are awarded for that game. Free spins use an alternate set of reels. Free spins will auto-start once a free spin scatter coin appears on the reels. Toy Bonus Feature Bonus toy capsule awards are only available with a coin or during free spins. The toy capsules will open and reveal the prize award amount. The toy awards are as follows: Sky Wheel Bonus Feature How to play Sky Wheel TM Bonus Feature is only available as a toy award during base game and free game. Press spin to land on one of the following wedge awards. Jackpot Wedge Awards Players will be awarded the corresponding jackpot wedge award shown on the Sky Wheel TM . Once the player receives the award shown, the Sky Wheel TM feature is over. Jackpot wins are determined when the Sky Wheel TM stops. Credit Wedge Awards Spin the Sky Wheel TM to Win 1500, 700, 200, 150, 100, 75 or mystery 125-375 Then, spin the inner wheel to win 5X, 4X, 3X or 2X multipliers, or a re-spin of the Sky Wheel TM . If a multiplier is awarded, the credit award will be multiplied by the amount shown. Multiplier awards only apply to the current spin & do not affect credit awards from previous spins of the Sky Wheel TM . If the re-spin is won, one more spin of the Sky Wheel TM is awarded. The re-spin award will not be available on the inner wheel during the re-spin of the Sky Wheel TM . Pick Until You Pop Bonus Game Pick Until You Pop. The bonus game is only available as an award on the Sky Wheel TM . Players pick from a field of 30 prize capsules. The capsules contain one of the following awards: 25, 60, 100, 150, 750 credit awards. 2X or 3X on the next pick. stops the game with one last chance pick. continues the game. Picking a followed by a credit award ends the bonus game. Additional Information There are 1024 ways to win. Bet a minimum of XX credits to play all 1024 ways to win. Winning combinations may contain only one symbol each adjacent reel, beginning with the far left reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Displayed results do not indicate likelihood of winning a future play. Timing of stop-play inputs does not affect final outcomes. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94.12% ALL AWARDS SHOWN IN CREDITS, UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED, AND ARE BASED ON YOUR CURRENT BET OF XX CREDITS. Last modification date: 6/1/2021