Mystery Mine BASIC RULES is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: , only appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Wins on multiple lines are added together. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. Only highest scatter win paid per play. All line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. DYNAMITE REVEAL FEATURE RULES will randomly reveal one of the following: or In addition, can reveal on every position on the Reel where the appears, triggering the Re-Spin Feature. appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. RESPIN FEATURE RULES The Re-Spin Feature begins when a reveals at every position on the reel that the appears. Once triggered, 2 re-spins will be awarded and all reels with stacked will be held during all of the re-spins. is not present during the Re-Spin Feature. During re-spins, if a appears then it will: Reveal at every position on the reel that the appears at. The stacked will remain held for the remainder of the re-spins 1 additional re-spin will be awarded GOLD CART BONUS RULES 3 or more symbols will award a prize according to the paytable. will be counted as 2 symbols. will be counted as 3 symbols. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: 3 $2.00 4 $10.00 5 $20.00 6 $100.00 7 $200.00 8 $1,000.00 9+ $4,000.00 FREE GAMES BONUS RULES The Player is awarded 5 Free Spins at a 1x Multiplier and presented with a Wheel containing Free Spin values and Multipliers. The Player is prompted to spin the Wheel. If the pointer lands on a Free Spin Value wedge, the value is added to their Free Spin total. If the pointer lands on a Multiplier wedge, the value is added to their Multiplier total. Once the value has been awarded to the player, the wedge will be converted to a “Start Bonus” wedge and the player will be prompted to spin again. The player will spin the wheel until they land on a “Start Bonus” wedge, at which point their Free Spin Feature will begin. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Additional free spins can be won in free spins. When 3 or more land onscreen during the Free Games the player is awarded an additional number of Free Games equal to the amount that started the Feature, at the same multiplier that started the Feature. MYSTERY REPLACEMENT FEATURE RULES The reel strips contain symbols that change into one of the following symbols at the start of each game:. All changed symbol positions on all reels change into the same symbol. BUY FREESPINS FEATURE (WHERE AVAILABLE) The Free Spins feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 56x current total bet. When buying a Free Games Feature, 3, 4, or 5 will be awarded to trigger the feature. Purchased free spins follow Free Spins Feature Rules. Buy a Bonus feature RTP is: 95.62%. MAX WIN GAME RULES The maximum win amount is limited to 10,400x bet in the both the base game and free spins. If the total win of a round reaches the maximum win amount, the round immediately ends, the win is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. GAME RULES Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of $2.00. RTP of this game is 95.44%. QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After that period, the incomplete round will be void. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/19/2023