Almighty Hera Basic Rules Almighty Hera is a 5x4 video Slot played on 40 paylines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Special reels are in play during the Free Games Feature. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. BASE GAME During base game, Hera may randomly trigger one of the following features: Super stacked symbol - a random symbol will be selected as stacked on the reels. All symbols except Scatter and Wild are stacked in this feature. Super stacked wilds - only wild symbols will appear super stacked on the reels and guaranteed to land at least 1 wild stack. Win Multiplier - guaranteed win spin where the win is randomly multiplied by x2, x3, x5 or x10. BONUS Landing 3, 4 or 5 Scatters symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger the bonus game. During bonus game, a selection screen will appear and one of the following prizes will be chosen randomly: Cash prizes x10, x20 , Mini (x50), Minor (x100), Major (x500) or Grand (x1000). Prizes are displayed as current bet multipliers. If a cash prize only is selected, the cash prize is paid and the Bonus ends. Multipliers Triggers free spins, with all wins multiplied by the randomly selected multiplier (x2, x3, x5 or x10). Super stacked symbols Triggers free spins, where every spin a random symbol is selected to be super stacked. All symbols except Scatter and Wild are stacked in this feature. Super stacked wilds Triggers free spins, where only wild symbols will appear super stacked on the reels and guaranteed to land at least 1 wild stack BOOST Awards any 2 randomly selected prizes. Features may combine in free spins. If 1 or more cash prizes are selected, the cash prizes are paid and the Bonus ends. If a cash prize is combined with any other prize other than a cash prize, then the cash prize is added to any additional wins when the feature ends. If a free spin feature is selected, 3, 4 or 5 scatters awards 15, 20 or 30 free spins. Free games can be re-triggered, where 3, 4 or 5 scatters in free games awards 5, 7 or 10 more free spins. SIDE BET (where available) For an additional fee of 25% of the player's current bet, chances of hitting Boost in Bonus are increased by at least 6x Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of $2.00. RTP of this game is 93.99%. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 4/22/2025