Divine Empress Game Rules Once triggered, the player is presented with 12 pick options. Picks will reveal MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND. Picks are made until 3 like symbols are revealed, and the value displayed in the corresponding meter is awarded. If a BOOST is revealed, the fixed bonus amounts are instantly increased with a random amount from 100 to 50,000 credits times the bet level multiplier. At the end of the feature, the MINI bonus win may be upgraded to a MINOR bonus win. At the end of the feature, the MINOR bonus win may be upgraded to a MAJOR bonus win. At the end of the feature, the MAJOR bonus win may be upgraded to a GRAND bonus win. Credits bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND MAJOR MINOR MINI Credits Feature Rules: A random number of PINK ORB, BLUE ORB, or GOLD ORB will move over the pick option and increase the value shown. The PINK ORB, BLUE ORB, or GOLD ORB will add 40, 120, or 280 credits times the bet level multiplier respectively. The feature ends when PINK ORB, BLUE ORB, or GOLD ORB stop being added, and the player is awarded the final value. Buy a Bonus The free games feature can be directly played if the Buy a Bonus bet is made. The minimum Buy a Bonus Bet is 4000 multiplied by the bet multiplier (100 x total bet). The player will be randomly awarded 10, 12 or 15 free games along with the free games trigger pay (1 x bet). The reel array configuration starts at 5x4, 5 reels with 4 positions per reel. Wild symbol SPECIAL SYMBOL + SCATTER SPECIAL SYMBOL + SCATTER SPECIAL SYMBOL + SCATTER 243 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 1/2/2025