BetMGM Speedway BetMGM Speedway Game Rules WHAT IS BETMGM SPEEDWAY BetMGM Speedway is the superb Crash game from Indigo Magic where you can bet on two racing cars each round, have fun, and easily cash out to win money. HOW TO PLAY Step 1: Choose a bet amount and place your bet before the round begins. You can modify or cancel your bet before a new round commences. You have the option to place one or two bets in the same round, one for each racing car. Step 2: When the betting time ends, the round starts, and the multiplier is displayed, counting up from 1.00x. Then, watch the win multiplier increase rapidly. Step 3: The longer the racing car drives, the larger the win multiplier, increasing your potential winnings. Cashout before the racing car explodes. When the explosion occurs, the game round for that racing car ends, and the bet amount is lost unless you cashed out beforehand. GAME RULES The minimum bet is $0.10. The maximum bet is $10.00. You can select different bet amounts for each racing car. Enable Autoplay to automatically place bets for the next round. Enable Auto Cashout to automatically collect wins. The minimum value to set is 1.01x times bet, while the maximum is 10000.00x times bet, which is the maximum win achievable. The game continues after that, but all bets are paid out at 10000.00x times bet. All win multipliers applied to the bet value are rounded off to 2 decimals. RTP of this game is 94.00%. WINS Cashout before the explosion to win the bet amount multiplied by the current multiplier. The winning amount will be displayed on your screen. Once you cash out, the current game is over for you, and you can start placing bets for the upcoming round. Disconnection or errors If you get disconnected in any way while your bet is active, the game will automatically cash out based on the multiplier at the time of disconnect. When you reconnect, the cashout amount will be added to your balance. If you get disconnected BEFORE your bets are placed, they will be canceled. However, if you get disconnected AFTER your bets are placed and the active multiplier is not greater than 1x, your bets will be automatically refunded as a win of 1x when you reconnect. You can check all the bet outcomes in the History panel at the top of the screen. Each game round is identified by a unique Game ID number. Please use the game ID number for reference. Malfunction Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, the disconnection policy will be applied. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 10000 multiplied by the total bet in base game, bonus features and buy bonus (where available). If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining features are forfeited. Bet and Cashout Select the bet amount and press the "play" button on top of the racing car wheel to place your bet. You can place up to two simultaneous bets, each for that racing car and track, and configure them differently. Once the bet is accepted, you are entered into the next game round and can cash out. Press the "Cashout" button to request a payout trigger, settled at the current value of the multiplier at the time processed by the game server, provided no explosion has occurred. The win is determined by multiplying your bet by the multiplier on the server at the time of processing. The bet is lost, if it was not cashed out before the racing car explodes. Autoplay and Auto Cashout (where available) AUTOPLAY Autoplay automatically repeats a set bet for a selected number of game rounds. It is activated by pressing the corresponding button, which opens a window where you can select the number of game rounds to bet, ranging from 5, 10, 20, 50, to 100 rounds for autoplay. To cancel autoplay simply click the button again. Autoplay stops if any of the following occurs: Selected number of autoplay rounds have been played. Your balance is too low to continue. AUTO CASHOUT Auto cashout guarantees to collect your wins when a set multiplier is reached and no explosion has occurred. It is activated by pressing the corresponding button, which opens a window, where you select the value of the cashout, which ranges from 1.01x times bet to 10000x times bet. To deactivate auto cashout, click the button again. If an explosion occurs before the set cashout limit is reached, the bet is lost. STATISTICS History: This tab on the panel displays the win multiplier values from the most recent game rounds for both racing cars. Each colored tile represents a racing car (Blue and Orange-Black). The number is the win multiplier. Multiplier values from 5x are displayed in green text. My Bets: This tab on the panel displays all your betting and cashout information. TIME: The time when the bet was placed. BET: your bet in currency. WIN: Your winnings will be displayed here. If the bet was lost, a red 'X' will be shown instead. All Bets: This tab on the panel displays statistics. Here, you can view the largest round cashouts, multipliers, and total bet amounts. USER: Randomly generated user names. BET: Their Bet. COLLECT: the multiplier when the player cashed out WIN: winnings displayed. Free Bets: Free Bets are awarded by the operator. User interface Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Game menu History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Last modification date: 11/11/2025