Sevens and Jok3rs How to play Choose your bet, press the SPIN button and check for any win in the WIN Info Display. Basic Rules The base game is played on a 5x3 grid, with 10 lines. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, unless explicitly stated otherwise. All wins count on active pay lines only. Payline wins for selected bet level are displayed in the paytable. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Wins on multiple lines are added together. All displayed prizes are prize totals with all applicable multipliers already taken into account. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. SEVENS & JOK3RS DIAL The dial on top of the reels will spin with the reels, and add win multipliers to any WILD win. The multipliers are x1, x2, x3, x5, x10, x20 and x50. In case of more reels having multipliers, multipliers are added together. The dial is inactive, when no WILD wins were awarded. Free Spins Feature Landing at least 3 Scatter symbols activates free spins. 3 Scatters award 15 Free Spins. 4 Scatters award 20 Free Spins. 5 Scatters award 30 Free Spins. Free Spins can be retriggered for additional 5, 7 and 10 Free Spins, by landing 3,4 or 5 Scatters on the screen. The bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. SIDE BET (where available) Available in Base game only: Side Bet guarantees the player an extra WILD landing on each spin of the Free Spins feature on a random reel. When the side bet is active, the multipliers in the FREE SPINS are x3, x5, x10, x20, x50 with x1 and x2 being removed. Cost for side bet is an additional fee of 20% of the player's current bet in base game. Hit frequency of the Free Spins does not change for side bet. When using the Side Bet feature, the base bet value is used for win calculations - exclusive of the additional 20% fee. Buy Bonus (Where available) The free spins feature can be instantly triggered from the base game, by buying it for 75x current total bet. When buying the free spins feature, a spin with at least 3 scatters will be played. When buying the free spins feature, the same free spins feature rules apply. The multipliers in the free spins are x3, x5, x10, x20, x50 with x1 and x2 being removed. Buy Bonus guarantees the player an extra WILD landing on each spin of the Free Spins feature on a random reel. The Side Bet cost is excluded from the Buy Bonus cost and bet. Paytable Payout on Wild symbol is only awarded, when combination of wild and regular symbol payout on the same pay line is lower than the wild payout. In the event that wild symbols combined with regular symbols on the same pay line pay equally, a single payment is made, with the longer win shown. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Up and Down arrow buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Spin button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 5/6/2025