5 Amazon Jewels Basic Rules All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: appears on reels 2, 3 & 4. All wins are shown at a bet multiplier of 1 Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel to right. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Free Games Feature Rules Landing 3 or more trigger the Free Games Feature. Upon triggering, 5 options will be presented to choose how to play the feature: 25 Free Games with multiplier group [2,3,5] 20 Free Games with multiplier group [3,5,8] 15 Free Games with multiplier group [5,8,10] 10 Free Games with multiplier group [8,10,15] A Mystery Option that awards either 10, 15, 20, or 25 Free Games, with one of the following multiplier groups: [2,3,5], [3,5,8], [5,8,10], [8,10,15]. If multiple symbols land during Free Games, only one multiplier is added. Credits bet are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Bonus Feature can’t be triggered within the Free Games Feature. All awards during Free Games are multiplied by the current multiplier. During Free Games, a ways win with 3, 4, or 5 will retrigger, awarding the number of Free Games from the option chosen. If the Mystery Option was chosen, the number of Free Games the feature was triggered with will be awarded. The feature ends when 0 Free Games remain. Bonus Feature This feature can only be triggered from a Base Game Spin. When a lands on screen, there is a random chance a Bonus may be awarded to the player. Number of previously obtained does not influence the probability of triggering the Bonus. If triggered, player will be taken into a second screen bonus game with 12 options. Selecting a coin will reveal one of the following bonus prizes: MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, GRAND. Once three matching bonus prizes have been revealed, the corresponding bonus prize will be awarded and the bonus game will end. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND MAJOR MINOR MINI Buy A Bonus Rules The Free Games feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying the Free Games Feature, 3, 4 or 5 will be awarded. Upon triggering, 15, 20, or 25 Free Games will be awarded with one of the following sets of multipliers: [2,3,5], [3,5,8], [5,8,10], [8,10,15]. Purchased Free Games follow the “Free Games Feature Rules.” Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of BGG . 243 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: • History - Displays previous rounds from the current session • Close Game - Closes the game client • Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) • Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) • Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) • Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices • Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: • Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount • Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: • Number of rounds to be played automatically. • Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. • Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. • Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 10000 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free spins that are not purchased via the Buy Bonus. The cumulative win limit is 7783 multiplied by the total bet for free spins purchased with the Buy a Bonus. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 7/29/2025