Dragon Power Keno DRAGON POWER™ KENO is a standard 80 spot keno game with a 20 number draw. The player may pick from 3 up to 10 numbered spots. Once the minimum required number of spots have been marked and a bet has been made, the draw button will be activated. Press “DRAW” to begin the game only after marking your desired spots and placing your bet on them. 20 numbers will be randomly drawn and displayed on the screen as either misses or hits. A HIT is shown when a drawn number matches any player marked number. Pressing the “DRAW” button after the last draw is done will automatically start a new game draw using the same marked numbers and bet amount as the previous game. Numbered spots can be changed by marking and unmarking them. The “CLEAR PICKS” button can be used to clear all marked numbers prior to a game. The “QUICK PICKS” button will randomly mark the same number of spots as was played on the previous game. If no previous game has been played, the “QUICK PICKS” button will mark ten numbers. The MARKED field indicates how many spots are selected. The hits field indicates the number of player selected spots that were drawn. INSTANT MONEY PRIZE At the beginning of each base game, between 5 and 8 symbols will be placed on non-player marked spots of the keno board. If 4 are hit the player will be awarded an INSTANT MONEY prize for each . If 5 or more are hit the player will be awarded double INSTANT MONEY along with 30 free games. In base game the possible INSTANT MONEY prizes are: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 10, 30, 50 x total bet. FREE GAMES At the beginning of each free game between 5 and 8 will be placed on non-player marked spots of the keno board. If the player hits 4 they will be awarded an INSTANT MONEY prize and +1 extra free game. If the player hits 5 or more they will be awarded double INSTANT MONEY and 10 extra free games. Free games are played at the same bet level and same number of spots marked as the triggering game. The player can change the marked spots during free games, but the same number of marks as the triggering game must be picked. In free games the possible instant money prizes are: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 100 x total bet. During the Free games, the player advantage spots can exceed the maximum number of hits allowed, but they do not advance the HITS PAYS table beyond the triggered mark count. PLAYER ADVANTAGE SPOTS While playing FREE GAMES, the player has a chance to receive up to 3 . the player receives will be placed on the board on random non-player and non marked spots. will not cause the pay table to advance, but if hit will be added to the number of player marked hits to achieve the appropriate paytable win. MAX WIN RULES The maximum win amount per draw is limited to 10000x bet in both the base game and the free games. The maximum win is set per draw and not per game round. Paytable The player is paid according to the HITS PAYS table after all 20 numbers are drawn. Only the top winner is paid each game. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected bet amount and once the minimum required number of spots have been marked, press Draw button to begin game. A round ends when 20 numbers are randomly drawn and displayed on the screen as either misses or hits. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Speed - Increase/Decrease the drawing speed scale from 1 (slowest) to 5 (fastest) (where available). Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of draws to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions Malfunction voids all plays and pays.. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only). Only selectable once the minimum required number of spots are marked. Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Increase/Decrease the drawing speed scale from 1 (slowest) to 5 (fastest) (where available). Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 8/21/2024