Crazy Jokers GAME RULES GENERAL GAME RULES is wild and substitutes for all symbols except , and when in a winning combination. is wild and substitutes for all symbols except and when in a winning combination. 1 X multiplies the win by 2 2 X multiplies the win by 4 All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Wins on multiple lines are added together. All line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. HOLD & RESPIN FEATURE 3 on an active payline awards the Hold & Respin Feature. 3 Respins are awarded on feature start. The feature is played at the same bet multiplier as the awarding game. Each symbol position is a separate reel during the feature. Only are paying out in the feature. If one or more additional appears after a respin, the additional reels with lock and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. When either 0 respins remain or all symbol positions have all prizes appearing with are awarded, the total bonus win is awarded and the Hold & Respin Feature ends. The GRAND Bonus Prize is awarded when all positions have . The MAJOR, MINOR and MINI Bonus Prize’s are awarded when is awarded respectively. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND $3,000.00 MAJOR $300.00 MINOR $60.00 MINI $15.00 Each appears with a MAJOR Bonus Prize, MINOR Bonus Prize, MINI Bonus Prize, or a value of 5 to 500 credits times the bet multiplier. Values displayed on have been pre- multiplied. Different reels are used during this feature. INSTANT REPAY FEATURE Any spin that does not trigger the Hold & Respin Feature, there is a chance to instantly re-spin to the same position from 2,3,4 or 5 times. The player will be awarded the total win shown after each re-spin. BUY HOLD AND RESPIN FEATURE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) HOLD & RESPIN feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 60 x current total bet. When buying the RESPIN feature it would start with 3 predetermined positions of in the base game to trigger the feature. Buy a Bonus feature RTP is: 95.73% GAME RULES Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of $1.50 RTP of this game is 95.51% PAYLINES QUICKSTART Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: • History – Displays previous rounds from the current session • Close Game – Closes the game client • Sound – Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) • Music- Controls the Music in the game (on/off) • Turbo mode (where available) – Controls the Turbo mode feature ( on/off) • Left Hand Mode (where available) – Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices • Vibrate (where available) – Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either. • Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount • Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: • Number of rounds to be played automatically • Loss Limit (where available) – Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. • Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) – Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. • Stop on Win above ( where available) – Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After the period, the incomplete round will be void. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 7/26/2024