Enchanted Manor BASIC RULES is wild and substitutes for all symbols except , and , appears on reels 1 and 5 only. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. All wins are shown in credits. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. MYSYERY REPLACEMENT FEATURE RULES The Base Game reel strips contain symbols that change into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: All changed symbol positions on all reels change into the same symbol. REPLICATING REELS FEATURE RULES There are 2 ways to award the feature: 1. Any 2 appearing onscreen awards the Replicating Reels Feature 2. The feature may be awarded after any spin that does not result in 2 appearing onscreen Once triggered, the player is given 1 Replicating Reels Feature spin Different reels are used during the Replicating Reels Feature. Once triggered, 2,3,4, or 5 reels will become Replicating Reels. Every position on each Replicating Reel will transform into one of the following symbols at the start of the game: The Replicating Reels Feature reel strips contain symbols that change into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: All symbol positions on replicating reels and changed symbol positions will change into the same symbol Any reels that were not replicated will spin, stop, and the player will be awarded any resulting wins according to the paytable Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature FREE GAMES FEATURE RULES On base game spin if the player gets fully stacked 4 symbols high on 2 or more reels, the player is awarded 7 Free Games will only trigger Free Games when stacked on reel 2,3,4, or 5 Prior to each soin during Free Games, every position on the reels that triggered the Free Games will become a Replicating Reel. Every position on each Replicating Reel will transform into one of the following symbols at the start of the game: The Free Game reel strips contain symbols that change into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: All symbol positions on replicating reels and changed symbol positions will change into the same symbol During Free Games, if the player gets fully stacked 4 symbols high on a reel that is not shuttered the reel becomes a replicating reel for the remainder of Free Games and the player is awarded 3 additional Free Games - In Free Games, the player can enter Mode before any spin. While in Frenzy Mode, additional are added to the reels to increase the chances of triggering additional Free Games and shuttering an additional reel. Mode ends once the player triggers additional Free Games or the Bonus ends. When zero Free Games remain, there is a random chance that the player will be awarded 5 additional Free Games. Additional Free Games will be played with the same shuttered reels that the player had when the Free Games meter reached 0. The random additional free games can only happen once during a feature. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature The Free Games end when the Free Games meter reaches 0 and no additional random Free games are awarded. BUY A BONUS RULES The Free Games Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying a Free Games Feature, 2 will be awarded to trigger the feature. Purchased Free Games follow Free Games Feature Rules. Buy a Bonus feature RTP is: 95.53% GAME RULES Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of 2.00. RTP of this game is 95.56% PAYLINES QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Rounds ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically.\ Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After that period, the incomplete round will be void. Last modification date: 6/12/2024