Upshot Prosperity Rising Upshot Prosperity Rising UPSHOT™ FEATURE 2 Upshot Bonus Scatters trigger the Upshot. Feature Upshot Bonus Scatter is wild, substitutes for all symbols except scatters, and only appears on reels 2 and 4. Upshot Bonus Scatter does not appear during Free Spins. During Upshot Feature Launch 16 balls using the plungers on the buttonpanel. If a ball hits a symbol, it awards the valueshown. Players start on the Bronze Level. Once the next levelis unlocked, only Awards for that level are available. Launch 7 to win Bronze Awards and unlock the Silver Level. Launch 5 to win Silver Awards and unlock the Gold Level. Launch 3 to win Gold Awards and unlock the Wheel Level. Launch 1 ball at the Wheel Award Symbols on the Wheel Level to win 1 spin of the Bonus Wheel. Bonus Wheel Feature is explained on page 3. The Upshot Feature ends after the Wheel Level is completed. FREE SPINS FEATURE 2 Wild Free Spins Scatters trigger xx Free Spins. Wild Free Spins Scatter is wild, substitutes for all symbols except scatters, and only appears on reels 2 & 4. Wild Free Spins Scatter does not appear during Free Spins. During Free Spins 1 Wild Upgrade Scatter adds an additional 3x5 reel grid for the duration of Free Spins. Wild Upgrade Scatter is wild, substitutes for all symbols except scatters, and only appears on reel 3 of the original reel grid during Free Spins. Once 2 additional reel grids have been added, no more Wild Upgrade Scatters will appear for that Free Spins session. 2 Bonus Wheel Scatters award 1 spin of the Bonus Wheel at the end of Free Spins. Bonus Wheel Scatter only appears on reels 2 and 4 during Free Spins. Bonus Wheel Feature is explained on page 3. Bonus Wheel Scatters are counted across all active reel grids. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the triggering spin. BONUS WHEEL FEATURE Hitting a Wheel Award Symbol during the Upshot™Feature awards 1 spin of the Bonus Wheel Or 2 Bonus Wheel Scatters during Free Spins awards 1spin of the Bonus Wheel. During the Bonus Wheel Feature Press Spin or swipe the screen to spin the BonusWheel and win a Jackpot Award shown below. JACKPOT AWARDS SYMBOLS 25 PAY LINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Bet a minimum of 60 credits to play all 25 lines. All winning line symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. For multiple denomination games, press the denomination button to change the value. Player interaction with the screen during the Upshot™ Feature and Bonus Wheel Feature is for entertainment purposes only, and does not have any impact on game outcome. Free Spins use an alternate set of reels. Wins on all lines are added Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 1/15/2025