3 Dancing Monkeys Game Rules The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet level multiplier. is the WILD symbol and substitutes for all symbols except for the , , and symbols. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. FREE GAMES FEATURE , , These are the feature trigger symbols, they can appear on all reels. Each of the trigger symbols is associated with one different modifier for the FREE GAMES round. Whenever one or more trigger symbols hit there is a random chance that the FREE GAMES feature will trigger. For each modifier that is triggered, 8 free games are awarded. Depending on which trigger symbols hit on the triggering spin, one of the following modifiers may be awarded for the subsequent FREE GAMES round: Triggering the games with awards the WAYS modifier. During the round, the screen changes to a 5x5 grid of symbols with 3125 ways. Triggering the games with awards the WILDS modifier. During the round, more WILD symbols are added to the reel strips on reels 2, 3 and 4. Triggering the games with awards the WINS modifier. During the round, all WILD symbols carry a multiplier of 2x, 3x or 5x. The multiplier applies to all winning combinations that pass through that WILD. If more than one WILD are present in the same winning combination their multipliers multiply each other. During the round, whenever a trigger symbol hits, there is a random chance for it to enable its associated modifier for the remainder of the FREE GAMES feature. When that happens, 8 additional free games are also awarded. This is the EXTRA FREE GAMES symbol. It appears only during the FREE GAMES. Whenever it hits, it reveals a number of additional free games. Possible number of additional free games are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 20, 25, 30, or 42. Different reels are used during the feature. The feature ends when 0 free games remain. The bet is same as the game that triggered the feature. The active modifier cannot be triggered again during the free game round. BUY BONUS The Free Games Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying the FREE GAMES feature, the triggering spin is guaranteed to randomly hit one of the following combinations of triggering symbols, as follows: and , awarding WAYS and WILDS modifiers for the subsequent rounds. and , awarding WAYS and WINS modifiers for the subsequent rounds. and , awarding WILDS and WINS modifiers for the subsequent rounds. and , awarding WAYS, WILDS, and WINS modifiers for the subsequent rounds. The maximum win amount in Buy a Bonus feature is limited to 5988 multiplied by total bet. When buying the bonus, the RTP is 95.50%. 243 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 4057 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited. Last modification date: 4/1/2025