Wedding Party Wedding Party HIGHLIGHTS Wedding Party is a 5x3 grid all ways pay game. Aim for Three Tossing The Bouquet symbols to trigger the TOSSING the BOUQUET Bonus 243 possible ways to win! Wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win paid on each successful way. TOSSING THE BOUQUET BONUS 3 Tossing The Bouquet in any position on reels 1,2 and 3 initiates the TOSSING THE BOUQUET Bonus. Win 2 times the total bet and 8 to 12 free spins. Win a free spin multiplier of 2x to 5x. Pick a Multiplier to reveal a free spin multiplier. Pick a Free Spins to reveal the number of free spins awarded. Free Spins are played automatically using the same bet multiplier and the same ways bet as the initiating game. Free spin wins are multiplied by the initiating bet multiplier and the free spin multiplier, except 5 Bride, 5 Bride is multiplied by the initiating bet multiplier but not the free spin multiplier. Additional free spins may be awarded with 3 Tossing The Bouquet in any position on reels 1,2 and 3. Pick Bridesmaid to catch the bouquet and reveal 8 to 12 additional free spins, not exceeding 160 free spins total. Return To Player (RTP): Malfunction voids all pays and plays. USER INTERFACE and MENUS BALANCE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current bet amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytable, Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note. Some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality. DEPOSIT: Add funds to account ( available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spins and press ‘START’ to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spins are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or insufficient balance. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using ‘ stoploss’ limits, or when winning above certain amounts. Last modification date: 4/10/2024