Phoenix Fury GAME RULES BASIC RULES is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Cash Prize symbols appears on reels 1 and 2 only. The base game is played as a 5x3 game with 243 ways. FREE SPINS FEATURE Any 3, 4 or 5 Gold Phoenix Scatters awards 10, 15 or 50 free games, respectively. At the start of Free Games, an additional bonus reel is added, increasing the reel area from 5x3 to 6x3 Phoenix Wild Respin feature may be awarded during the Free Games. The free games continue after the completion of the Phoenix Wild Respin feature. The bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. During the Free Games any 3, 4 or 5 Gold Phoenix awards 10, 15 or 50 additional free games, respectively. PHOENIX WILD RESPIN FEATURE Phoenix Wild appearing in any position on reels 1 and 2 awards the Wild Respin Feature. If a Phoenix Wild appears on either reel 1 or 2 only, an additional Phoenix Wild may be randomly awarded on the missing reel, and activate the Wild Respin Feature. Each Cash Prize appearing on the reels will contain a cash value. Wins are created by adjacent Cash Prize symbols only. Non-adjacent Cash Prize symbols will not pay but will be shown. If the feature is awarded during a base game, the reels may expand to add an additional row (horizontally) or reel (vertically) to form up to a 3x3x4x4x4x4 reel game. The player is awarded one respin. If the Wild Respin feature is awarded during a free game, reels 3, 4, 5, and 6 may expand vertically to 4 symbol positions high during the awarding reel spin. The player is awarded two respins. Reels 1 and 2 and all symbol positions containing Cash Prize symbols lock for the remainder of the feature and the reels automatically respin. If there are respins remaining, any new symbol positions containing Cash Prize symbols lock for the remainder of the feature and the reels automatically respin again. After a respin, if reel 3, 4, or 5 contains no Cash Prize symbols, a symbol position on that reel may be randomly transformed to a random Cash Prize Symbol. If all symbol positions are filled with Cash Prize symbols, the reels do not respin. Instead, the sum of all cash prizes collected are paid for each remaining spin available. GAME RULES Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of BGG 1.20. RTP of this game is 95.50%. IS WILD SCATTER SYMBOL GRAND MAJOR MINOR MINI Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only highest win is paid for each way symbol combination. Wins on different played ways are added. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. Scatter wins are paid in addition to the ways wins. Only highest scatter win is paid per play. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. BUY A BONUS (WHERE AVAILABLE) The Free Games Feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying a Free Games Feature, 3 Scatter will be awarded randomly awarding 10 free games. Purchased Free Games follow Free Games Feature Rules. Bought free games are always played on a 3x3x4x4x4x4 grid, for the whole duration of the feature. 243 WAYS Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 7/2/2024