Mammoth Kingdom GAME RULES Wins on multiple lines are added together. All wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line wine is paid on each active pay line. All line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. WILD is wild and is present on reels 2,3,4 and 5 during regular play and FREE SPINS. It replaces all symbols except free spins FREE SPINS WITH BONUS WHEEL 3 scattered free spins Landing on the reels 2,3, and 4 awards 3 Free Spins + 3X TOTAL BET Free Spins covers 2 positions but it only takes one per reels 2,3, and 4 to trigger FREE Spins During FREE SPINS, Can appear only on reels 2,3,4, and 5 and stay locked in place for the remainder of the feature. During FREE SPINS, becomes . All other symbols are displayed in blue. Additional FREE SPINS cannot be won during the initial 3 FREE SPINS. Scatttered wins are added to payline wins. The BONUS WHEEL feature is played when FREE SPINS are completed. After the initial 3 FREE SPINS have been completed, the BONUS WHEEL activates with a chance to win from the 1 to 3 sdditional FREE SPINS or multiply all FREE SPINS WINS by x2, x3,x5 or x10 including the Scattered free spins win. Line wins obtained at the FREE SPINS trigger are not multiplied. Each time FREE SPINS are won from the BONUS WHEEL, that wedge changes from FREE SPINS to END. FREE SPINS end when the wheel lands on a MULTIPLER or END wedge. The MYSTERY WILD feature is not available during FREE SPINS. MYSYERY WILD During regular play only, 4 to 14 mystery could randomly land across all 5 reels. During MYSYERY WILD, becomes . PAYLINES QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE ( WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After that period, the incomplete round will be void. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 4/23/2024