Pixie's Treasure Game Rules MASSIVE WAYS HIGHLIGHTS Pixie's Treasure is a 6x1 grid all ways pay game. Watch for the symbols on the reels to transition for up to 262,144 ways. All ways wins trigger Cascading Reels, which can lead to additional wins. 3 or more Jackpot Overlays awards a Jackpot. 3 or more Bonus Overlays awards Free Spins. Wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win paid on each successful way. FREE SPINS BONUS In the Base Game, after Cascading Reels feature concludes, 3 or more Bonus Overlays initiates the Free Spins. During the Free Spins, after the Cascading Reels feature concludes, 3 or more Bonus Overlays reinitiates the Free Spins. Base Game 6 75 Free Spins 5 30 Free Spins 4 15 Free Spins 3 8 Free Spins During Free Spins 6 75 Extra Free Spins 5 30 Extra Free Spins 4 15 Extra Free Spins 3 8 Extra Free Spins JACKPOT In the Base Game or Free Spins, after the Cascading Reels feature concludes, 3 or more Jackpot Overlays award a Jackpot. MASSIVE WAYS In the Base Game or Free Spins, during the reel spin, the number of symbols displayed on each reel may transition from 1 up to 8 symbols. Each spin can have between 1 way and 262,144 ways. CASCADING REELS FEATURE In the Base Game or Free Spins when there is at least one ways win, the Cascading Reels feature is triggered. The Cascading Reels feature can be triggered up to 10 times on the same spin. All ways wins are evaluated and added to the win meter. All symbols involved in a winning combination vanish. Symbols move downward to fill vacant positions. If there is at least one ways win, the Cascading Reels feature is retriggered. Note: The Massive Ways feature and the number of symbols displayed remains the same throughout the Cascading Reels feature. COINS FEATURE COINS In the Base Game or Free Spins, after the cascading reels feature concludes, the sum of the values displayed on the Coins Overlay is awarded. Return To Player (RTP): 94% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME CONTROLS USER INTERFACE AND MENUS BALANCE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current bet amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytable, Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note: Some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality. DEPOSIT: Add funds to account (available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. BET MINUS: Reduce current stake before pressing spin. BET PLUS: Increase current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spins and press 'START' to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spins are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or insufficient balance. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using 'stoploss' limits, or when winning above certain amounts. Last modification date: 1/20/2026