3 Coin Cowboy is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except , and appears on reels 2, 3, 4 only. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Coin Feature Game , , , or appear above reels 2, 3 and 4 only. appears above reel 4 only. At every spin, the Coins change with new Coins dropping from the top. If is awarded, it will change into , , , or If is awarded, the value shown on will be awarded. The value will be between 5x total bet and 200x total bet. If is awarded, the number of Free Games shown on will be awarded. The value will be from 8 to 100 Free Games. If is awarded, the GRAND is awarded. If is awarded, the MAJOR is awarded. If is awarded, the MINOR is awarded. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND MAJOR MINOR appears on reels 1 and 5 only. appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. If appears on reels 1 and 5 and appears on reel 2, then the coin directly above reel 2 is awarded. If appears on reels 1 and 5 and appears on reel 3, then the coin directly above reel 3 is awarded. If appears on reels 1 and 5 and appears on reel 4, then the coin directly above reel 4 is awarded. , , , , or may also be randomly awarded on any given spin. Free Spins Feature The Free Games Feature is triggered when a is awarded during the Coin Feature. The Free Games Feature is played only once, with the total Free Games being the total of all Free Games won from all awarded . Credits bet are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. During Free Games, only , , , or appear above reels 2, 3 and 4. Special reels are in play during the Free Games Feature. Coin wins and Free Spins wins are added to ways wins. Added Wilds During free games, 4 – 9 may randomly appear during a spin on any position on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. All wins will be awarded after the have been placed on screen. Paytable 432 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 12/20/2024