Phoenix Queen Game Rules Basic Rules is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: , , , , , A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 . only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. symbol appears only on reels 1,3,5 Scatter wins are paid in addition to ways wins. The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Ultra Hold and Spin Feature: Any combination of 6 or more , and will award the Ultra Hold and Spin Feature. 3 spins are awarded. Feature is played at the same bet as the awarding game. Each position is a separate reel during the feature. No ways or scatter wins are available during the feature. Free Games start at 10, and the Free Games Win Multiplier starts at 1. If 1 or more additional , or appears, the number of spins is reset to 3. Each awards 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 50, or 100 x base bet. Each , awards 1, 2, or 3 additional Free Games while each increases the Free Games Win Multiplier by 1 or 2. The feature ends when 0 spins remain or all positions have or , and the total bonus win is awarded. Free Games Feature will begin using the total Free Games with all wins multiplied by the total Free Games Win Multiplier. Symbols Removed During Free Games: Symbols will not appear during free games based on the total number of collected , and : , and symbols do not appear during free games. Free Games Feature: Free Games Feature will begin using the total Free Games with all wins multiplied by the total Free Games Win Multiplier. Feature is played at the same bet as the awarding game. Feature ends when 0 free spins remain. Different reels are used during the feature. All wins are multiplied by the Free Games Multiplier. 6 or more symbols trigger the Hold and Spin Feature during the Free Game Feature, but only award credits. , and symbols do not appear during free games. Hold and Spin Feature: Any 6 or more will award the Hold and Spin Feature. 3 spins are awarded. Feature is played at the same bet as the awarding game. Each position is a separate reel during the feature. No ways or scatter wins are available during the feature. If 1 or more additional appears, the number of spins is reset to 3. Each awards 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 50, or 100 x base bet. The feature ends when 0 spins remain or all positions have , and all prizes appearing on are awarded, ending the feature. Scatter Reveal Feature Any 3 awards 12, 14 or 16 free games where all free games wins are multiplied by 2 or 3 and randomly removes the following symbol sets from the free games reels: and symbols do not appear during free games. 6 or more symbols trigger Hold and Spin Feature. Buy A Bonus Player may purchase a direct Ultra Hold and Spin (UHnS) Feature by selecting the Buy a Bonus option. When purchased, a random HnS feature with 6-15 , or Symbols will be awarded to the player. All game rules are the same for the purchased Bonus as listed above. The Buy a Bonus Bet is 100x the current bet. 243 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays and plays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/19/2025