Buffalo Magic BASIC RULES Wild only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games win is added to the payway wins. Free Games round win is awarded to the player after the round completes. Wheel feature and BUFFALO DASH FEATURE cannot be triggered together in a base game spin. The base game contains up to 1024 ways to win. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. BUFFALO DASH FEATURE RULES The Buffalo Dash Feature can occur on any base game spin. While the Reels are spinning, a Buffalo will run across the screen, leaving a random of 2 to 6 Buffalo and/or Wild additional symbols on the reels. Once all symbols have been added, the reels will stop spinning and the win is evaluated. WHEEL FEATURE RULES Any 3, 4 or 5 WHEELS appearing in the base game awards the Wheel Feature. There are a total of 5 possible wheel levels for the player to advance through. Wheels 1-4 consist of Cash values, Bonus Prize, and Free Game wedges. Wheel 5 only consists of Free Game wedges. If the player is awarded a Cash value or Bonus Prize wedge, they will collect the prize and move on to the next wheel. If the player is awarded a Free Game wedge, the Wheel Feature ends and the player will immediately move to the Free Games Feature. Wheel 1: contains Bonus prizes - GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI or Cash wins - 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 25x Total bet or Free Game wedges - 6, 8 Free Games. Wheel 2: contains Bonus prizes - GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI or Cash wins - 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 15x, 50x Total bet or Free Game wedges - 8, 10 Free Games. Wheel 3: contains Bonus prizes - GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI or Cash wins - 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 20x, 75x Total bet or Free Game wedges - 10, 12 Free Games. Wheel 4: contains Bonus prizes - GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI or Cash wins - 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 50x, 100x Total bet or Free Game wedges - 12, 15 Free Games. Wheel 5: 20 Free Games, 25 Free Games, 50 Free Games, 100 Free Games FREE GAMES FEATURE RULES The Free Games Feature is won via the Wheel Feature. The player will start the Free Games Feature with the number of Free Games won on the wedge that initiated the Feature. In addition, the total win for that spin will be multiplied by the Multiplier Wild’s face value. If more than one Multiplier Wild is revealed on a single spin, their face values are multiplied together, and the total win is then multiplied by this new value. The Free Games Feature ends when the Free Games meter reaches 0. BUY A BONUS (WHERE AVAILABLE) The Wheel feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying a Wheel Feature, 3, 4, or 5 WHEELS will be awarded to trigger the feature. 1024 WAYS Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 10/30/2024