Truckers vs Aliens Basic Rules The base game is played on a 5x3 grid, with 25 lines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Wild appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Copy Reels Feature When a full stack of the following symbols is spun up on reel 1, that stack will be replicated on one or more other reels. This replication is displayed before the remaining reels 2 to 5 stop spinning. Once the copied reels are placed, and the reels stop spinning, the win evaluations will happen as per usual. RESPIN FEATURE 6 or more appearing anywhere on the reels awards the respin feature. The counts two towards the 6 or more trigger symbol count. Scatter Double Scatter 8 respins are awarded. The respin feature is played on four 5x3 reel layouts. These layouts will be called GRAND reel layout, MAJOR reel layout, MINOR reel layout and MINI reel layout. Each of the sixty resulting reel positions become independent reels. The triggering will be randomly distributed among the four reel sets at the start of the respin feature, including two for each in the triggering base game spin. These display a randomly chosen credit prize and are held for the remainder of the feature. During the Respin feature, there will be 3 different types of Bonus symbols: , , and . At the end of each respin any that appears will display a randomly chosen credit prize and is held for the remainder of the respin feature. At the end of each respin any symbol that appears will add one to the number of respins remaining and is held for the remainder of the respin feature. At the end of each respin any Multiplier symbol that appears will randomly reveal a x2, x3, x5, x10, or x25 multiplier that is then applied to one of the currently held credit prizes, randomly selected from any of the four reel sets. This symbol is then held for the remainder of the respin feature. At the end of a respin if any of the four reel sets have all their remaining positions filled then the Bonus Prize corresponding to that reel set will be awarded. Each Bonus Prize can only be awarded once per feature at the end of the respin that filled all the remaining positions in that Bonus Prize’s reel set. All four Bonus Prizes can be won in a single respin feature. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: Grand Bonus Prize Major Bonus Prize Minor Bonus Prize Mini Bonus Prize The Bonus Prize values displayed on screen are premultiplied by the current bet level multiplier. When the respin feature is completed, the player is awarded all the held credit prizes. Feature ends when 0 respins remain or when all four reel sets have all their positions filled with held bonus symbols. There are no line pays during the respin feature. Different reels are used during the respin feature. The value of the randomly chosen credit prize will be 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 1, 1.2, 1.4, 2, 2.4, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 10, 12, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100 X total bet The x25 multiplier can only be applied to prizes less than 20x total bet. The bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Buy Bonus (Where available) The RESPIN feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100 x current total bet. When buying the RESPIN feature it will start with a randomly chosen 9 x , 12 x , or 15 x in the base game spin. When buying the bonus game, the same bonus game feature rules apply. RTP is 93.99%. Last modification date: 11/5/2025