Side Strike Basic Rules Side Strike is a 5x4 video Slot played on 40 paylines. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel to right. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Special reels are in play during the Free Spins Feature. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Strike collectors FEATURE SPOTS Both sides of the reels have feature spots, 1 on each row, 8 in total.During base game, at least 1 feature spot will be filled with a reel side feature. FREE SPIN Collecting a 6, 9 or 15 free spins reel side feature during base game will award 6, 9 or 15 free spins respectively. During free spins only double STRIKE arrow collectors will appear. Along with cash prizes and expanding wilds, new reel side features are available only during free spins: Buy Bonus (Where available) Free Spins can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 50x current total bet. When buying Free Spins, a spin with a guaranteed 6, 9 or 15 free spins reel side feature will be played and collected. The RTP of Buy Bonus is 94.08% SIDE BET (where available) Available in Base game only: Side bet increases your current bet by 2x and the chances to trigger Free Spins and STRIKE feature are more than doubled. The RTP for Side Bet is 94.03% FEATURE PLAY (WHERE AVAILABLE) The cost of Feature Play is 15x of current bet. During Feature Play, only STRIKE arrow collectors will appear on the reels without paying symbols and reel side features will be only cash symbols and multipliers. Each spin guarantees a win by collecting at least 1 cash symbol. Possible multiplier for Feature Play are: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10. Possible cash prizes for Feature Play are: x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x7, x10, x15, x20, x25, x50 or x100 base bet. In case of cash symbols and more multipliers are collected from feature spots, multipliers are multiplied together and applied on all collected cash prizes. Different reels are used during the FEATURE PLAY. The RTP for Feature Play is 94.06% Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of US$2.00. RTP of this game is 93.97%. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction Voids all plays and pays. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 10000x multiplied by the total bet in base game, bonus features and buy bonus (where available). If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. Last modification date: 9/16/2025