Fishing Bob 1024 Ways To play Fishing Bob, the player simply sets bets and clicks the spin button to spin the reels. When the player hits at least the minimum required amount of identical symbols* on a way, they have won. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. The more symbols the player hits on a way, the better the payout will be. Only the highest win is paid for each way. The payout is explained in the game paytable. Three Bonus symbols awards the player a pick between the Bobber Bonus or Bonus Spins. Three or more adjacent Jackpot overlays award a Jackpot in the basegame. WILD Blue Fishing Bob logo symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbol. White Fishing Bob logo symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the blue Fishing Bob symbol and the bonus symbol. BONUS At least 1 Bonus symbol on each of reels 1, 2, and 3 initiates the bonus pick. The bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. MULTIPLIERS "5x" and "3x" appear on reel 3 only, in the base game only. JACKPOT Jackpot sub-symbol appearing in any position on 3 or more adjacent reels awards a Jackpot in the base game. PAYLINES Win combinations may contain only one symbol in an enabled position from each consecutive reel, beginning with the far left reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different enabled position on the same reel pays that win combination again. The pays of win combinations are multiplied by the value on the bet multiplier meter. Only the highest paying combination for each symbol is paid per spin. Win combinations may be paid multiple times. BOBBER BONUS 3 Bonus symbols in any position initiates a Bonus Pick. Choosing one of 3 locations will award 2, 3, or 4 bobber picks. Select the bobbers to reveal the bonus awards with a chance to initiate a sub-bonus specific to the bonus location. BONUS SPINS 3 Bonus symbols in any position initiates a Bonus Pick. Choosing Bonus Spins awards 5 Bonus Spins. During Bonus Spins, 3 Bonus symbols in any position awards 5 extra Bonus Spins. Bonus Ends when O Bonus Spins remain or after 240 Bonus Spins have been played. JACKPOTS Jackpot sub-symbol appearing in any position on 3 or more adjacent reels awards a Jackpot in the base game. PAYOUT RULES All winning combinations must appear from left to right and start on the 1st reel. Only the highest win is paid for each way. Scatter count on any position. Only the highest scatter win counts. Scatter wins are added to way wins. Bonus Spins feature wins are added to Scatter and way wins. Bonus Spins play at the same bet amount as the last spin. malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP:94.02% Last modification date: 3/11/2026