High Voltage Blackout Blackout Bonus Triggered by 3 or more Blackout Bonus Symbols [Blackout Bonus Symbol] landing scattered on the reels. Player is awarded 5 picks. A silhouetted skyline with 24 buildings are randomly powered-up when the player chooses 5 of the 28 pick buttons. As picks are made, random buildings on the skyline are powered-up and award a credit prize. Each pick powers-up 2 to 6 random buildings. Each pick powers-up 2 to 6 random buildings. The buildings are categorized into three types: Green, Blu and Pink. The player receives a credit award for powering-up all buildings of a certain type. All Green Buildings powered-up awards credits multiplied by bet multiplier. All Blue buildings powered-up awards credits multiplied by bet multiplier. All Pink buildings powered-up awards credits multiplied by bet multiplier. If the Full Skyline is powered-up, the player is awarded an additional credits multiplied by the bet multiplier. Any power-up bonus awards are added to the credits awarded for any buildings that are powered-up. Respin cannot occur on the same spin as Blackout Bonus. Lightning Multipliers™ When a Lightning Multiplier is part of a winning combination, it multiplies the winning combination 2x, 3x, 5x or 10x. When more than one Lightning Multiplier is part of a winning combination, the multipliers add together for a total multiplier. The winning combination is multiplied by the total multiplier. When a Lightning Multiplier participates in multiple payline wins, the displayed multiplier value applies to the individual payline. A Lightning Multiplier sub-symbol may be displayed on any theme symbol. Respin Bonus The Respin Bonus is triggered randomly after any spin. The Respin Bonus can spin the reels up to 5 times, paying all winning combinations after each spin. Each respin guarantees a winning spin. Each respin awards prizes equal to or more valuable than the previous respin. The respins use an alternate set of reels. Lightning Multipliers are available during Respin Bonus. Blackout Bonus cannot trigger on the same spin as Respin. Stacks Wild symbols appear in stacks. These symbols can appear on all 5 reels. Wild is wild for all symbols except [Blackout Bonus Symbol]. Wild will not substitute for Lightning Multipliers on symbols. Select Game Denomination If multi-denom is enabled, change credit value between plays by touching “DENOM”. Press “Spin” to Rebet and Start Game “SPIN” will also rebet and start game. The number of credits bet is the 50 times the Bet Multiplier. Quick Stop Behavior Pressing the “SPIN” button while the reels are spinning may cause the reels to stop immediately. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS ONLY HIGHEST WINNER PAID PER LINE PAYOFFS ON REGISTERED CREDITS ONLY ALL PAYS IN CREDITS LINE WINS MUST OCCUR ON ADJACENT REELS, BEGINNING WITH THE LEFTMOST REEL Last modification date: 8/16/2018