7 Clovers of Fortune BASIC RULES is WILD and substitutes for . appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Scatter wins are paid in addition to ways wins. Free Games win is added to the ways wins. Free Games round win is awarded to the player after the round completes. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 1875 ways to win. Random Awards The GRAND award can be won randomly at the end of any spin in the base game. In any base game or free games, a random number of or symbols can be added to random non-special positions. In any base game or free games, a random number of symbols can be added to random non-special positions. CONNECT & COLLECT FEATURE RULES The Connect & Collect - symbol can appear on any non-special position on reels 1 through 5. Hit adjacent Connect & Collect symbols, from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel, touching each other horizontally or vertically, until the chain of symbols reaches one of the special positions on reel 3 or reel 6 to win the award from the reached special position. Any Connect & Collect symbol that appears on reels 1, 2, 3, or 4 may randomly have a credit value associated with it. Possible values are .4x, .6x, .8x, 1x, 1.2x, 1.6x, 2x, 2.4x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, or 50x. In the base game and Free Games, the following symbols can land randomly on the special positions on reel 3 and/or reel 6: Respin – Can land only on the special positions on reel 3. Whenever it hits, it triggers 5 respins. During the round, all Connect & Collect symbols landed in the initiating spin remain in place and all other positions on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 respin. After the round, the game pays for all connections to special symbols. Money Value – Whenever it lands it takes a random money value from a pre-defined set. Whenever it is reached by a connection chain its value is awarded. Possible values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80x, 100x, 120x, or 160x Minor, Major, and Grand – Major and Grand can hit only on the special positions on reel 6. Whenever one of them is reached by a connection chain their values are awarded. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND $8,000.00 MAJOR $200.00 MINOR $40.00 Add Wilds – Whenever it is reached by a connection chain it will add Wild symbols on random positions on reels 2, 3, 4, and/or 5. Connecting to more than 1 Add Wilds will increase the number of wilds awarded. . 3-18 wilds will be awarded Free Games – Whenever it is reached by a connection chain, after all other awards from the current spin are paid, it will trigger the Free Games round and award 2x total bet. Amount of Free Games awarded is determined by a sum of all Free Games symbols Connect & Collected on a spin. 7-25 Free Games will appear as possible awards on reel 3 or reel 6 FREE GAMES RULES The Free Games Feature is triggered by collecting a Free Games symbol by reaching it with a Connect & Collect chain or by hitting 3, 4, or 5 Free Game Scatter symbols. appears on all reels. 3, 4, or 5 symbols trigger 7, 10 or 15 free games, respectively. The round starts with the total number of free games from all Free Games symbols collected plus any additional free games awarded by the Free Games Scatter on the triggering game. The Connect & Collect feature is available and functions in the same way as the base game. When more Free Game symbols are reached by a connection chain during the round, more free games are awarded equal to the sum of the symbols reached. If 3, 4, or 5 Free Game Scatters land on a single game, 7, 10, or 15 additional free games are awarded, respectively. Special reels are in play during the feature. Buy Bonus (Where available) The Free Games feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying the Free Games feature the triggering game is guaranteed to hit enough Connect & Collect symbols to form a chain that reaches the special positions on reel 3 and at least one of the positions on reel 6. For the triggering spins reel 6 contains only Free Games symbols with random amounts of Free Games on them and reel 3 only contains Money Value Symbols with random values on them. The maximum win amount in Buy a Bonus feature is limited to 8884 multiplied by total bet. Buy a Bonus feature RTP is: 94.15% Maximum win per this jurisdiction! Be aware - maximum win allowed in the jurisdiction you are currently playing is {JURISDICTION_MAX_WIN_CAP_AMOUNT}. This means, that even though game may display higher win amounts, your balance will be credited only for {JURISDICTION_MAX_WIN_CAP_AMOUNT}. WIN/LOSS Maximum Bet: {amount} Maximum Win: {amount} Maximum Hourly Loss: {amount} MAX WIN PROBABILITY The probability of the maximum win displayed in this game refers to the sum of winnings of the highest possible symbol values, across all possible win criteria - either as a single game round or collectively as part of a feature. This may, or may not, include additional winnings obtained through extra win multiplying possibilities within the game. Higher winnings are also possible at a lower probability. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Super Turbo mode (where available) Super Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation beyond Turbo mode when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 8372 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited. RTP - 94.04% Last modification date: 1/29/2026