Vegas Royale Basic Rules WILD appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel to right. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 432 ways to win. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet level multiplier. RESPIN FEATURE The Respin Feature is awarded from the Jewel Feature. When the feature is triggered, all triggering reels are filled with symbols and x2 multiplier will be applied and will lock until the remainder of the Respin Feature Each appears with a MAJOR, MINOR or a value of 1 to 100x bet. Each symbol position is a separate reel during the Respin Feature. No ways wins are available during the Respin Feature. 3 Respins are awarded. Any additional that appearing on the reels after a respin will lock until the remainder of the Respins Feature and the number of Respins is reset to 3. When 0 Respins remain or all reels have locked in place, all prizes appearing with are awarded. The GRAND Bonus is also awarded if all reels have . Credits bet are the same as the game that triggered the Respin Feature. Different reels are used during the Respin Feature. Free Games Feature Rules The Free Games Feature is triggered when a blue coin is awarded during the Jewel Feature. If the Free Games Feature is awarded on multiple reels, all free games will be added and awarded together. Every spin with wins greater than or equal to 5x bet are multiplied by a random multiplier ranging from 2x-8x. Every spin with a win less than 5x bet, is multiplied by a random multiplier ranging from 2x-25x. Credits bet and ways played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. The feature ends when 0 free spins remain. If at least two KEYS symbols appear on Reel 1 and/or 5, and no briefcase symbol appears, then 3 extra Free Spins are awarded. The player is awarded a trigger pay of 2x total bet Special reels are in play during the Free Games Feature. Bonus Prize Rules Bonus prize’s are awarded from the Jewel Feature or Respin Feature. Any Bonus Prize awarded during Free Spins will be multiplied by the current Free Spin multiplier. The Bonus Prize level awards are as follows: GRAND $1,800.00 MAJOR $180.00 MINOR $18.00 Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of $1.80. RTP of this game is 93.98%. 432 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Win No win Maximum win per this jurisdiction! Be aware - maximum win allowed in the jurisdiction you are currently playing is {JURISDICTION_MAX_WIN_CAP_AMOUNT}. This means, that even though game may display higher win amounts, your balance will be credited only for {JURISDICTION_MAX_WIN_CAP_AMOUNT}. WIN/LOSS Maximum Bet: {amount} Maximum Win: {amount} Maximum Hourly Loss: {amount} MAX WIN PROBABILITY The probability of the maximum win displayed in this game refers to the sum of winnings of the highest possible symbol values, across all possible win criteria - either as a single game round or collectively as part of a feature. This may, or may not, include additional winnings obtained through extra win multiplying possibilities within the game. Higher winnings are also possible at a lower probability. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 10074 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free spins. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free spins are forfeited. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 1/23/2025