Wicked Whiskers Basic Rules The base game is played on a 5x4 grid, with 40 lines. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Special reels are in play during the Free Spins Feature. All wins are shown in currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WICKED WILDS FEATURE Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Multiple wild symbols can land in the same spin and reel. When the cat awakens during a spin, the Wicked Wilds feature may get activated for that spin. With the feature activated, any Wild symbols landing will be wicked and apply a different functionality. When multiple Wicked Wilds land in the same spin, their functionalities will apply in order: Random Wild, Multiplier Wild and Expanding Wild. RANDOM WILD After landing, each random wild will randomly add up to 5 additional Random Wilds to the reelset, unless there is a Scatter symbol or another wild in that position already. MULTIPLIER WILD After landing, it will reveal a multiplier value that will apply to the win of the payline that it’s a part of. The multiplier values that can be revealed are: x2, x3, x4, x5, x7 or x10. If more than one Multiplier Wild is active in a winline, the payline's win will be multiplied by the sum of the Multiplier Wilds. EXPANDING WILD After landing, it will expand across the entire reel. When an Expanding and a Multiplier Wild land in the same reel, both functionalities will combine, and the entire reel will be wild and apply the multiplier value. Additionally, if more than one Multiplier Wild are active in a winline, the Expanding Wild will take the multiplier value with the sum of the Multiplier Wilds. Free Spins Feature 3 Scatters on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger 10 Free Spins. A Scatter symbol landing on the 5th reel during Free Spins, will award an additional free spin. During Free Spins, the cat is always awakened, and the Wicked Wilds feature is always activated. The same Wicked Wilds feature rules apply during Free Spins. The bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Buy Bonus (Where available) The Free Spins feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 65x current total bet. When buying the Free Spins feature, the same Free Spins rules apply. When buying the bonus, the RTP is 94.36%. Paytable RTP of this game is 94.02%. The RTP was calculated by simulating at least 1 billion spins. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Up and Down arrow buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Spin button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays and plays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 2/24/2026