Cherries Gone Rich GAME RULES Wins on multiple lines are added together. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. All line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays WILD It replaces all symbols except FREE SPINS WITH BONUS PRIZES 3 scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4 award 8 Free Spins. 2 scattered on reels 2 & 3 could also randomly award 8 Free Spins. A single doesn’t award any prize. You could win more Free Spins during Free Spins! Play Free Spins with a chance to win 1 or more BONUS PRIZES! reveals prizes ranging from 1 x 5X your total bet or the BONUS REEL. The BONUS REEL will randomly stop on one of the following five prizes: MINI, MINOR, MAXI, MAJOR and GRAND award their designated prizes! GRAND MAJOR MAXI MINOR MINI awards the same line wins as in the regular game. Prizes discovered on are added to line wins. Free Spins are played with a new set of reels. Regardless of the number of obtained in a spin, only one pick per spin is awarded. The pick choice of does not change the prize awarded. MYSTERY WILD 2 to 15 may randomly appear anytime during regular play! symbols may replace symbols during the MYSTERY WILD feature, wins are evaluated after the symbols are placed. PAYTABLE Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of 0.90. RTP of this game is 95.01%. WILD SYMBOL SCATTER SYMBOL PAYLINES QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu ward 8 Free Spins. Last modification date: 12/20/2024