Bad Bass GENERAL GAME RULES The base game is played as a 5x4 game. Base game can be played on either 20 or 40 lines by selecting the line selector. Changing the lines may adjust the current bet. All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. This game has a win limit of 5000x your bet. GOLDEN FISH BASKET Baskets above reels 2, 3 and 4 are filled by Scatters landing on any of the reels. Each basket is randomly filled when a Scatter lands on the reels. The basket will randomly spill over awarding regular wilds, multiplier wilds or Golden Bass Respins. The filling of baskets and Golden Bass Respin feature are random, and unrelated to the player's bet value. GOLDEN BASS WILDS Golden Bass symbols are wild in base game and substitute for all symbols except Scatter. Wilds appear on reels 2,3 or 4 only. Adjacent wilds add one another. GOLDEN BASS RESPINS The baskets above the reels can randomly spill over awarding the Golden Bass Respins feature. All golden Bass wild symbols now have cash values included. Only golden Bass cash symbols, pufferfish pay and collect symbols are available during the feature. Players are awarded 3 respins. With every spin, new golden Bass cash symbols lock for the remainder of the feature and the reels automatically respin - resetting the remaining spins to 3. If no new symbols are received, the value of the remaining spins available lowers by 1. When no spins remain, the Golden Bass Respins feature ends. If all symbol positions are filled with symbols, an additional 1000x bet payout is awarded. GOLDEN BASS RESPINS SPECIAL FEATURES The following feature symbols are available inside the Golden Bass Respins Feature: Pop N Split The captain will randomly select a space on the reels. The selected space will then expand and divide into 4 parts. Each part will respin individually, filling up the space with golden Bass cash prize symbols. Once all 4 spaces have been filled, it upgrades all other cash prizes within the frame to the highest value. If the same cash prize value is received in all 4 spaces, they remain. The frame returns to its original space once all upgrades are complete. Collect and Pay symbols will collect and pay into each segment. COLLECT This is the Collect Symbol. When this symbol lands, it collects all golden Bass cash prize symbols on screen. PAY This is the Pay Symbol. When this symbol lands, it pays its golden Bass cash prize value to all other golden Bass cash symbols currently collected on screen. PAYTABLE Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of BGG 1.40. RTP of this game is QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: • History - Displays previous rounds from the current session • Close Game - Closes the game client • Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) • Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) • Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) • Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices • Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: • Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount • Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: • Number of rounds to be played automatically • Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. • Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. • Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 7/2/2024