Daimyo Basic Game Rules WILD Silver Mask only appears during the Extra Wilds feature. Silver Mask counts for all symbols except scatters. SCATTER Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. X3 WILD Gold Mask appears on reel 3 during normal games and counts for all symbols including scatters. When the Gold Mask appears it will replicate to cover the reel, before pays are awarded. The prize is tripled when the Gold Mask appears in a winning combination. Gold Mask counts once on its reel for scatters. FEATURE TRIGGER! One of 3 features is awarded when 3 or more scatters appear Left to Right. Touch a triggering Gong to reveal the feature. RE-SPIN FEATURE! A single re-spin is triggered when 2 scatters occur left to right in a normal game, without a Wild or Scatter on reel 3. The re-spin occurs after pays are awarded. Scatters are paid again after the re-spin. EXTRA WILDS FEATURE! The Extra Wilds feature awards 20 free games. Up to 9 Silver Mask symbols will appear on each free game, after any scatter win is paid. The feature can be retriggered, with retriggering scatters counted before Silver Masks appear on the reels. Feature reels are different to primary game reels. MIGHTY DAIMYO FEATURE! 9 free games are awarded, and whenever the Gold Mask appears it will move to 1 or 2 other reels, before pays are awarded. The feature can be retriggered, with retriggering scatters counted before the Gold Mask moves. SHOGUN FEATURE! 6 free games are awarded, with Gold Mask wilds covering the middle reel. The feature can be retriggered. Feature reels are different to primary game reels. WIN-WIN FEATURE Win-Win is active during the Mighty Daimyo Feature. Win-Win awards a bonus if the overall win from the Mighty Daimyo Feature (excluding any trigger win) is 10 times the triggering Bet or less. No win awards a prize of 100 times Bet. Any other qualifying win awards from 5 to 100 times Bet. *Patented (Australian Patent No. 2009222486) and further Patents Pending OTHER RULES All free games are played at the lines and bet of the triggering game. Compulsory 50 line play per game. Wins on different lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Highest win only on each line. AUTOPLAY Press Auto to play the game for a selected number of wagers automatically. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/3/2019