Lucky Wealthy Cat Lucky Wealth Cat a is a 30 line slot played on a 5x3 grid. Activated symbols award up to 7x multipliers in the Base Game and up to 10x multipliers in the Lucky Wealth Cat Free Spins. Spin the wheel in the Lucky Wealth Cat Wheel Bonus for a chance to win, Cash, Free Spins, more Activated Symbols, or Jackpot. The Lucky Wealth Cat Wheel Bonus is available in the Lucky Wealth Cat Free Spins too! Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Highlight win is paid per line. REPEATING WIN MULTIPLIERS After any spin of the reels, any Standard Symbol appearing in a winning combination activates that symbol for the next 7 spins played at the same bt option. Activated symbols appear above the reels. All line wins that contain a symbol that is active at the start of that spin are multiplied by the corresponding Repeating Win Multiplier value. WHEEL BONUS 3 Bonus symbols in any position on the reels during the base game, or 1 Bonus and 2 Wild Bonus symbols in any position on the reels during the Lucky Wealth Cat Lucky Wealth Cat Free Spins initiates the Lucky Wealth Cat Wheel Bonus. Touch or swipe the wheel to spin. After the wheel stops, win the award indicated by the wheel pointer. If the wheel pointer indicates a Free Spins reward, win the Lucky Wealth Cat Free Spins with the respective number of Free Spins and a prize of 2 times the total bet from the initiating game. FREE SPINS BONUS Winning a Free Spins prize in the wheel triggers the Lucky Wealth Cat Free Spins Bonus. Free Spins are played on all 30 lines using the same total bet amount that triggered the Wheel Bonus. During the Free Spins, the Bonus symbol on reels 2 and 3 is replaced by the Wild Bonus symbol. Lucky Wealth Cat Free Spins Bonus end when 0 free spins remain, or after xx Free spins have been played. If the Lucky Wealth Cat Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Lucky Buddha Free Spins, the Free Spins continue after the completion of the Lucky Wealth Cat Wheel Bonus. Malfunction void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/18/2024