Roller Wheel Money Roll Base Game Only symbols in the 5 X 5active area as highlighted on the picture below will be evaluated. ROLLER WHEEL feature 3 Bonus scatter triggers the ROLLER WHEEL feature. Bonus scatter only appears on reels 1,3 and 5. Spin the ROLLER WHEEL to win one of the following wedge awards: Free Spin, Fast Line, Grand, Minor or Jackpot Awards. Free Spins Wedge 10 free spins are awarded during free spins. Reels are expanded to 10 x 5 to increase your chance of winning. ROLLER WHEEL contains the following wedge awards: Free Spin Wedges retriggers 15,10 or 8 free spins. Fast line, Grand, Minor or Jackpot Awards. Fast Line Wedge 1 reel is randomly selected, all symbols in that reel are added together and multiplied by fast line multiplier and current bet multiplier. Every dollar is worth 1 credit. Jackpot Wedge Jackpot Wedge awards have no incremental growth. Symbols Only appears on reels 2,3,4 & 5. Substitutes for all symbols except . Rolling Reveals Rolling Reveals scatter reveals to one of the following symbols: Connecting Scatter Ways Connecting Scatter Ways symbols are awarded when 5 or more land on consecutive reels from left to right starting with the left most reel. Additional Information Bet a minimum of 75 credits to play. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. For Multiple denomination games press the denomination button to change value. Rolling Reveals scatters only appear on reels 2,3,4 and 5. If a non credit winning outcome contains a stack of 3 or less Rolling Reveal scatters, the symbols shown will already have been revealed. Player interaction with the touch screen during the Roller Wheel feature is for entertainment purposes only. Free spins use an alternate set of reels. Jackpot wins are determined when the Roller Wheel feature ends. A total of 100 free spins may be awarded over the course of free spins. If the free spins limit is reached, no more free spins are awarded for that game. Each additional free spin will instead award 150 credits. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player (RTP) is 94.08% Last modification date: 6/1/2021