Firebird Spirit BASIC RULES Free Spins win is added to the ways wins. Free Spin round win is awarded to the player after the round completes. Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 1875 ways to win. Connect & Collect Feature Rules The Connect & Collect – symbol can appear on any non- special position on reels 1 through 5. Hit adjacent Connect & Collect symbols, from the left to right, starting with the leftmost reel, touching each other horizontally or vertically until the chain of symbols reaches one of the special positions on reels 3 or reel 6 to win the award from the reached special position. In the base game and Free Spins, the following symbols can hit randomly on the special positions on reel 3 and/ or reel 6: Quick Collect – Can hit only on the special positions on reel 3. Whenever it hits, it automatically places Connect & Collect symbols in the positions directly to the right of the symbol on reels 4 and 5, thus creating a connection to a special position on reel 6. RESPINS Respin – Can hit only on the special position on reel 3. Whenever it hits, it triggers 45 respins. During the round, all Connect & Collect symbols hit in the initiating spin remain in place and all other positions on reels 1, 2,3,4, and 5 respin. After the round, the game pays for all connections to special symbols. If at the end of the round the only special position that has been hit by the connection chain is the “Respin” that initiated the feature, the player is awarded a consolation prize. Possible consolation prize values are 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, or 10x total bet. If there are no prizes to Connect and Collect remaining Respins will not play. Each unlocked symbol position becomes a separate reel during the feature. Money Value – Whenever it hits it takes a random money value from a pre- defined set. Whenever it is reached by a connection chain its value is awarded. Possible values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 16x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80x, 10x, 120x, 160x, or 200x total bet. FREE GAMES Free Spins- Whenever it is reached by a connection chain, after all other awards from the current spin are paid, it will trigger the Free Spins round and award 2x total bet. Amount of Free Spins awarded is determined by a sum of all Free Spins symbols Connect & Collected on a spin. 5-25 FreeSpins will appear as possible awards on reel 3 or reel 6. FREE SPINS RULES The round starts with the total number of free spins from all Free Spins symbols collected in the triggering spin. During the round reels 1,2 and reels 4,5 stop the same symbols. The Connect & Collect feature is available and functions in the same way as the base game. When more Free Spin symbols are reached by a connection chain during the rounds, more fre spins are awarded equal to the sum of the symbols reached. A simultaneous start and stop will occur on reels 1 and 2 as well as reels 4 and 5 BUY A BONUS (WHERE AVAILABLE) The Free Spins feature can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet. When buying the Free Spins feature the triggering spin is guaranteed to hit enough Connect & Collect symbols to form a chain that reaches the special positions on reel 3 and at least one of the positions on reel 6. For the triggering spins reel 6 contains only Free Spins symbols with random amounts of Free Spins on them and reel 3 only contains Money Value Symbols with random values on them. 1875 WAYS Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right QUICK START Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. TURBO MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. GAME MENU Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. BET SELECTION Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. AUTOPLAY MODE (WHERE AVAILABLE) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. MALFUNCTION Malfunction of the game voids all pays and plays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again, within the period of 90 days. After that period, the incomplete round will be void. USER INTERFACE Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 8/14/2024