Spring Fortune Basic Game Rules Game is fixed at 243-way justification with a 60 credit minimum bet. Player selects bet multiplier. Award amounts shown in pay table are based on 1 bet multiplier. Only highest win amount awarded for each individual combination. Win combinations are justified on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel except for Multiple combination wins are added as primary wins and awarded to the player. Feature awards are added to primary wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. found on reels 2,3 and 4 only, is wild and substitutes all symbols except . When one or more appears on screen, there is a chance to trigger the blooming lotus jackpot feature. Accumulation of lotus coins over time in lotus has no effect on triggering the blooming lotus jackpot feature. The blooming lotus jackpot feature is available at any bet multiplier. 3 or more triggers free spin bonus feature. 3 or more in the primary game triggers free spins bonus feature. Player is awarded 10,15 or 25 free spins for 3, 4 or 5 respectively. All wins during free spin bonus are paid double the primary pay except jackpot. Free spins are played at the same bet multiplier as the primary game that triggered the feature. Blooming lotus jackpot feature may be triggered during free spins. Additional free spins may be awarded during feature. Feature game ends when all awarded spins have been played. All wins are awarded at the end of the feature and are added to primary wins. An alternate set of reels is used during the free spin bonus feature. When one ore more appears on screen there is a chance to trigger the blooming lotus jackpot feature. When blooming lotus jackpot feature game is triggered, player is taken to a pick screen with 28 coins. Player will select coins to reveal a colored lotus. Each lotus will populate the meter for the corresponding jackpot level. Player interaction has no impact on the outcome of the blooming lotus jackpot feature. Player is awarded first jackpot which has a full meter. The Grand jackpot requires 6 to be awarded. The Major jackpot requires 5 to be awarded. The Minor jackpot requires 3 to be awarded. The Mini jackpot requires 2 to be awarded. Blooming lotus jackpot feature ends when a jackpot has been awarded. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.02% Last modification date: 11/10/2020