Treasure Hunter The base game is played as a 5x4 game with 1024 ways. Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The game is played up to 3456 ways with the EXTENDING WILDS feature. is present on reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes all symbols except And during Free Spins. EXTENDING WILDS FEATURE In regular play may randomly extend to cover up to 3 positions, extending the reel to up to 6 positions tall in the current game, during Free Spins it will always extend. RUN-IT-UP BONUS PRIZES During regular play only, any symbol from the 3 centre reels may randomly be covered by a that will activate a shuffling animation and stop on either of the following prizes: Each Bonus Prize has a meter displaying the required number of pearls to accumulate to win it. Throughout the regular games, accumulate pearls and win BONUS PRIZES or Free Spins. Accumulated pearls are stored per bet level. When reels have stopped, any leaves its position to reveal the symbol it was covering and to go activate the shuffling animation. The function and value of any symbol covered with a is not altered. A maximum of 3 can be obtained in 1 game. Each offers a unique prize during the same spin. Run-it-Up Bonus Prizes wins are added to other wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 1024 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from left to right. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount\ Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Autoplay button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. User interface Start a game round. You can also use a space bar (desktop only) Change the bet amount for the round to be played Display autoplay mode settings (where available) Enable/Disable Turbo mode (where available) Open menu Display/Hide game rules Turn the music/sound submenu Last modification date: 9/3/2024