Lucky Larry's Lobstermania Lucky Larry’s Lobstermania Lobstermania Highlights Lucky Larry’s Lobstermania is a 15 line slot played on a 5x3 grid. Collect 3 bonus symbols to enter the Buoy Bonus, choose up to 4 buoys, all with multiple prize lobsters inside. Fingers crossed you get a monster sized lobster and not a tin can! Payline wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win paid on each payline. BUY BONUS Three bonus symbols on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel initiates the buoy bonus. Your bonus symbols will turn into pick options. Depending on your pick you will be awarded 2,3 or 4 Buoys. When you enter the bonus you can choose any of the 9 available buoys up to the amount you were awarded in your picks. Larry will then pull the trap and see which prizes you have won. Once all prizes have been pulled from the trap your total for each buoy will be added together for the chance to win big. Return to Player ( RTP): 95% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Controls USER INTERFACE AND MENUS BALACE: Displays current balance. BET: Displays current bet amount. WIN: Displays wins for current game round/spin. SETTINGS: Access to Paytable , Rules, Sound and Deposit. Note: Some options may not be available, or relocated, depending on territory. PAYTABLE: Payouts, game features and game information. RULES: More details on game features and functionality. DEPOSITS: Add funds to account (available in cash mode). SOUND: Toggle sound on/off using this button. BET: Change current stake before pressing spin. SPIN: Start game and place wager. Current bet amount will be deducted from balance. AUTOPLAY: Choose number of spins and press ‘ START’ to place wagers automatically. Remaining number of spin are always displayed. Autoplay stops when remaining spins reaches zero or insufficient balance. TURBO MODE: Speeds up most gameplay. Note: Autoplay and Turbo Mode may not be available in certain territories. Autoplay Advanced features are available in some territories, which allows Autoplay to stop using ‘stoploss’ limits, or when winning above certain amounts. Last modification date: 4/2/2024