Super Star Super Star is a five-reel, multi-payline 'Gold Jackpot ' jackpot slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The paytable below shows how much you win for each combination. The house adds a percentage of each bet placed to all four running Gold Jackpot levels. Gold Jackpot: The 'Gold Jackpot' consists of four jackpots at different levels, which are - from the lowest to the highest - Gold Blitz Jackpot, Gold Quick Jackpot, Gold Super Jackpot and Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels of Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying combination, while betting any amount. top Information The game and game rules are identical both in real-money and play-money modes, except that the play-money mode does not contribute to the jackpot. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. You can bet on up to nine lines. The paylines are shown in the payline table. top How to play Setting 'BETS': A default bet is set for the slot machine on each of the nine lines when you enter the game. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the up and down arrow buttons to the left and right of 'BET'. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not be adjusted to the next possible bet, instead a Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. You can choose to decrease the bet further by clicking the down arrow to the right of 'BET'. Setting 'LINES': Nine lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking on the down arrow button to the right of 'LINES'. The number of lines can be increased by clicking on the up arrow button to the left of 'LINES'. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines remain dark. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line' and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'BET' meter, which can be found at the top of the game screen. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line' and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'BET' meter, which is placed at the top of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button at the bottom-left of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the 'PAYTABLE' are for a unit bet and are shown as credits. To determine the payoff amount per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line amount. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the 'PAYTABLE' screen. Clicking on the 'RULES' button will open the rules screen. You can choose to return to the 'PAYTABLE' screen or go back to the game by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' or 'GAME' buttons respectively. Spin: After the reels stop, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and any scatter wins, will be paid according to the 'PAYTABLE'. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines flashing, or in the case of a scatter win, by their symbol animating, with the total win amount being shown at the top of the screen under 'Win'. Feature Game: The feature game is triggered when three or more scattered Star symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The game screen will change, and the feature game screen will open up. On the completion of the feature game, the main game screen is restored. Jackpot feature game: The jackpot feature is triggered when you hit the jackpot. The main game screen will change, and the jackpot feature screen will open, allowing you to select six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs, and see the level of jackpot awarded. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen is restored to its previous state. Your jackpot win will be credited to your account balance immediately. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the jackpot feature for each of the jackpots will be played consecutively. Repeat bet/change bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play the same bet again. To change your bet, use the up and down arrows on the 'BET' or 'LINES' buttons. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. The game balance is shown in the bottom left-hand side of the game screen. The current amount of all four jackpot levels is shown in the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after it is hit by a player. The reset value of all the four jackpots is given below: Jackpot Level Reset Value Gold Mega Jackpot EUR 500,000 Gold Super Jackpot EUR 50,000 Gold Quick Jackpot EUR 5,000 Gold Blitz Jackpot EUR 500 You can also see the current values and last win details of all the four jackpot levels by clicking on the 'More info' link in the left panel under jackpot slider of the Main Game Lobby. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose from the various options for 'hands free' game play. You may select as many or as few as you like. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin until win is equal to or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop-down menu. Spin until any win: The game will spin until the next win occurs. Spin until feature or bonus round is triggered: The game will spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin until my balance exceeds: The game will spin until the balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Your balance is the sum of the amounts under 'CREDITS' and 'BET'. Spin until my balance falls below: The game will spin until your balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Your balance is the sum of the amounts under 'CREDITS' and 'BET'. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available options before selecting 'Play faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. If your game balance falls below the value of the last bet placed, the system will automatically decrease the bet amount to allow you to continue playing. If your game balance falls below the minimum allowed bet, the 'BUY-IN' window will pop up, allowing you to buy more credits in from your account. Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the game room. top Rules All symbols pay left to right, except the scattered Star symbol, which pays in either direction. Only the highest win is paid on each payline. Wins on different paylines are added to the total. Line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins are paid on selected paylines only, except for scatter symbols, which pay anywhere. The Galaxy symbol only appears on reels two and four, and substitutes for all other symbols except scattered Stars. top Features Feature game play: The bonus feature is triggered when three or more Star symbols appear anywhere on reels. The main game screen will change, and the feature game screen will open up. You then select four of the nine Star symbols that appear on the screen. Each Star symbol reveals a random prize of up to 100 times your triggering bet. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. Feature prizes are added to payline and scatter wins. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game and at the end of each stage in the feature. Jackpot feature round: The jackpot feature round is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. Play the jackpot feature to find out which level of Gold Jackpot you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chance you have of winning the jackpot. Bonus round features and free games features cannot win the jackpot amount. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot: One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs awards the Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs awards the Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs awards the Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after clicking the 'COMPLETE' button. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.84%. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 11/3/2020