Super Fortune Wheel Super Fortune Wheel is a five-reel, multi-payline 'Gold Jackpot' jackpot slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The Paytable below shows how much you win for each combination. For each bet placed, the house adds a percentage of the bet amount to all the four running Gold Jackpot levels. Gold Jackpot: 'Gold Jackpot' consists of four jackpots at different levels, the levels are - from the lowest - Gold Blitz Jackpot, Gold Quick Jackpot, Gold Super Jackpot and Gold Mega Jackpot, with the latter being the highest. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels in Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying combination, while betting any amount. top Information The game and game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes, except that play money mode does not contribute to the jackpot amount. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. You can bet up to nine lines. The paylines are shown in the payline table. top How to play If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Setting 'LINES': Nine lines are selected by default, and you can deselect the number of lines by clicking on the arrow button on the right of 'LINES' and select more lines by clicking on the arrow button on the left. When the number of lines is increased, colored line(s) are displayed through all reels to represent the paylines that are selected, and these lines are removed as the number of lines is decreased. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line' and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'BET' meter, which can be found at the top of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by clicking the 'PAYTABLE' button placed at the bottom left of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the paytable are for a unit bet and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the paytable screen. Clicking on the 'RULES' button will open the rules screen and allow you to read the game rules. You can choose to return to the paytable screen or go back to the game by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' or 'GAME' buttons respectively. Spin: After the reels stop, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by flashing paylines or, in the case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the top of the screen under 'WIN'. Feature game: A feature is triggered when three or more scattered Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The original game screen will change, and the feature game screen will open. You will then be awarded free spins. On completion of the feature game, the original game screen is restored to its previous state. Jackpot feature game: A jackpot feature is triggered when you hit the jackpot. The main game screen changes and the jackpot feature screen opens up, allowing you to select six of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs, and see the level of jackpot awarded. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen is restored to its previous state. A jackpot win will be credited to your account balance immediately. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the Jackpot feature for each of the jackpots will be played one after the other. Repeat bet/change bet: Once the reels stop spinning, the default bet for the next spin is the same as the previous one. You can just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change the bets, use the arrow keys on the 'BET' button or the 'LINES' button. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom left hand side of the game screen. The current amount of all the four jackpot levels is shown at the top right hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of all the four jackpots is given below: Jackpot Level Reset Value Gold Mega Jackpot EUR 500,000 Gold Super Jackpot EUR 50,000 Gold Quick Jackpot EUR 5,000 Gold Blitz Jackpot EUR 500 You can also see the current values and last win details of all the four jackpot levels when you click on the 'More Info' link in the left panel under jackpot slider of the main game lobby. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin until win is equal to or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin until any win: The game will spin until the next win occurs. Spin until feature or bonus round is triggered: The game will spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin until my balance exceeds: The game will spin until the balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Your balance is the sum of the amounts under 'CREDITS' and 'BET'. Spin until my balance falls below: The game will spin until your balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Your balance is the sum of the amounts under 'CREDITS' and 'BET'. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits in to the game from your account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the game room. top Rules All symbols pay left to right, except the scattered Wheel, which pays left to right and right to left. Only the highest win is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different lit lines are added to the total. Line wins are multiplied by amount bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins are paid on selected paylines only, except scatter symbols, which pay anywhere. The Diamond only appears on reels two, three and four, and substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Wheel. All jackpot wins are credited to your account balance immediately. top Features Feature game play: The bonus feature is triggered when three or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The main game screen changes and the feature game screen opens up when three wheels appear. All three wheels have numbers ranging from one to 100 on them. You are awarded one spin of all three wheels. You spin the wheels and the number that each wheel stops on is the prize multiplier. The feature win is equal to the prize multiplier multiplied by the triggering bet. Feature prizes are added to payline and scatter wins. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game and at the end of each stage in the feature. Jackpot feature round: The jackpot feature round is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. Play the jackpot feature to find out which level you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. 'Bonus round' features and 'Free games' features cannot win the jackpot amount. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot. One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot . Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will begin after you click the 'COMPLETE' button. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.83%. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 11/3/2020