Super Mystic Super Mystic is a five-reel, multi-payline 'Gold Jackpot' slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The 'paytable' below shows how much you will win for each combination. For each bet placed, the house adds a percentage of the bet amount to all the four running Gold Jackpot levels. Gold Jackpot: The Gold Jackpot consists of all four jackpots at different levels. The levels start with Gold Blitz Jackpot and move up through Gold Quick Jackpot and Gold Super Jackpot to the highest, Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. Each Gold Jackpot level can be won while betting any amount, irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination. top Information The game and game rules are identical both in real-money and play-money modes except that play-money mode does not contribute to the jackpot amount. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. You can bet on up to nine lines. The values of the paylines are shown in the paytable. top How to play Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all nine lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the up arrow button to the left of 'BET', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the down arrow to the right. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, instead a Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. You can choose to decrease the bet by clicking the down arrow to the right of 'BET'. Setting 'LINES': Similarly, nine lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking on the arrow button to the right of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking on the arrow button to the left. When the number of lines is increased, coloured lines will run through all reels to represent the selected paylines. These lines are removed as the number of paylines is decreased. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed under the 'BET' meter, which can be found at the top of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by clicking the 'PAYTABLE' button located at the bottom-left of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as credits. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the paytable screen. Clicking on the 'RULES' button will open the rules screen and allow you to read the game rules. You can choose to return to the paytable screen or go back to the game by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' or 'GAME' buttons respectively. Spin: After the reels stop, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by flashing paylines or, in the case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the top of the screen under 'WIN'. Feature game: A free game feature round is triggered when three or more Sandstorm symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The main game screen will change, the feature game screen will open up, and you will be awarded 10 free games. Once you've completed a feature game, the main game screen will be restored to its previous state. Jackpot feature game: A jackpot feature is triggered when you hit the jackpot. The main game screen changes and the jackpot feature screen opens up. You will then be allowed to select six of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs and see the level of jackpot awarded. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen will be restored to its previous state. Jackpot wins will be credited to your account immediately. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the jackpot feature for each of the jackpots will be played consecutively. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, use the arrow keys on the 'BET' button or the 'LINES' button. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under 'CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown in the bottom left-hand side of the game screen. The current value of all four jackpot levels is shown at the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its base value after any player has hit it. The reset value of all four jackpots is shown below: Jackpot Level Reset Value Gold Mega Jackpot $500,000 Gold Super Jackpot $50,000 Gold Quick Jackpot $5,000 Gold Blitz Jackpot $500 You can also see the current values and last win details of all four jackpot levels by clicking on the 'More Info' link in the left panel under the jackpot slider in the main game Lobby. 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin until win is equal to or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin until any win: The game will spin until the next win occurs. Spin until feature or bonus round is triggered: The game will spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin until my balance exceeds: The game will spin until the balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Your balance is the sum of the amounts under 'CREDITS' and 'BET'. Spin until my balance falls below: The game will spin until your balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Your balance is the sum of the amounts under 'CREDITS' and 'BET'. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. If your current game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of options, the 'BUY-IN' window will pop up, allowing you to buy in more credits from your account. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. If your game balance falls below value of the last bet placed, the system will automatically decrease the bet amount to allow you to continue playing. If your game balance falls below the minimum allowed bet, the 'BUY-IN' window will pop up, allowing you to buy more credits in from your account.. Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits in to the game from your account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the game room. top Rules All symbols pay left to right, except scattered Sandstorm symbols, which pay in either direction. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are added together. Line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins are paid on selected paylines only, except scatter symbols, which pay anywhere. The City symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Sandstorm. All jackpot wins are credited to your account balance immediately. top Features Feature game play: The bonus feature is triggered when three or more Sandstorm symbols appear anywhere on reels. You are then awarded 10 free games, during which all prizes are tripled. The feature can be re-triggered. Free games are played using the number of line and the bet amount you selected in the trigger game. Free game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game, before the start of the feature game, and at the end of each stage in the feature. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game and at the end of each stage in the feature. Jackpot feature round: The jackpot feature round is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. Play the jackpot feature to know which level you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Bonus round features and free game features cannot win the jackpot amount. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot. One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after you click the 'COMPLETE' button. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.27%. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 11/3/2020