Tarzan Tarzan Slot is a five-reel, twenty-paylines slot game with a Stampede Free Spins feature. The game also features a wild “Tarzan” logo symbol which triggers the Tarzan Swing feature, which adds extra wilds to random reel positions. The “Tarzan” logo symbol substitutes for all symbols other than the scattered Tarzan symbol. 3 or more scattered Tarzan symbols anywhere in view triggers the Save Jane feature game. Information How to play Rules Features Paytable Information You can bet on up to twenty lines. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. Player can select or deselect lines by clicking on the line numbers. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the left or Right arrows next to the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of €0.25 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of €5.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking on the Left or Right arrows available next to the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 20 lines and €50.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'HELP' button located on the main console screen or by clicking on 'RULES' button on the pay table screens. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GO TO GAME' button on the 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the game rules screen or the main console screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Tarzan symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GO TO GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown on the right of the reels, at the end of each winning line. Save Jane Feature Game: The Save Jane Feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Tarzan symbols appear anywhere in view. The game screen will change, and feature game screen will open up. Jane is captured by tribes in a thick jungle. Tarzan has to rescue Jane, by crossing hurdles and reaching to her. Game ends, if Tarzan drowns in the middle while crossing the river or if Tarzan fails to catch the selected vines. Tarzan Swing Feature: The Tarzan Swing Feature is triggered when wild Tarzan logo occurs anywhere in view. No payout for main screen will be awarded and payout will be made after random symbols turn to Wild Tarzan logo. Stampede Feature: The Stampede feature is triggered randomly and free spins are awarded. On completion of the 'Free Spin' feature, the main game screen is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, click on the Left or Right arrows available next to the Bet/ Lines indicator on the game screen respectively. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDIT' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at bottom centre of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Account variale. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules All symbols pay left to right only, except the scattered Tarzan symbol which pays anywhere in view. Multiple sets of reel strips are used. Each spin randomly picks one of these sets.. 3 or more scattered Tarzan symbols anywhere in view triggers the Save Jane feature game. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline prizes are multiplied by the bet per payline amount. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected, except the scatter symbols which pay anywhere in view. Tarzan logo wild symbol triggers the Tarzan Swing feature. This adds more wild logo symbols to random reel positions. The Tarzan Logo wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scattered Tarzan symbol. The Tarzan logo wild pays only in conjunction with other symbols except scattered Tarzan symbol. In Single Spin, multiple features can trigger with combinations of Save Jane Feature, Free Spins and SWING feature. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. top Features Stampede Feature (Free spins) play: Stampede feature awards a random number of free spins with a max of 50 freespins. Stampede feature is awarded randomly. All free spins are played with the same number of lines and the same bet per line as the triggering spin. Free spins feature uses different reel strips. Free Spin are not re-triggerable - free spins cannot earn more free spins. Free Spin feature cannot trigger either the Save Jane feature game or the Swing feature game. Save Jane Feature Game: The Save Jane Feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Tarzan symbols appear anywhere in view. There are two levels of feature. Bonus level 1: There will be 3 sets of vines hanging in a row spanning across the screen. Each set will have 2 vines. Select one vine from each set so that 3 vines are selected in total. Click on SWING THROUGH after selecting the vines. Tarzan swings from one end to the other, over a pit infested with venomous snakes. As Tarzan crosses each vine, a random score, respective to that vine, is awarded. While swinging, if Tarzan falls, the Save Jane Feature game ends. Else, it takes him to the next hurdle (next level in the game). Bonus level 2: Tarzan is confronted with the challenge to cross the river to save Jane. Carefully jump from one crocodile to another by clicking on them. On every successful Jump on the crocodile, a random score is awarded. In case Tarzan slips and drowns, the level ends, and the Save Jane Feature round is completed. The total feature win amount is based on a random multiplier, multiplied by the total bet. The maximum amount that can be won in this feature when played with max bet is €500,000 EUR. top Paytable Click on PAY TABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to PAY TABLE screen. In PAY TABLE screen, on selection of RULES button game rules screen will be displayed. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.35% top Last modification date: 1/31/2017