Teddy Pets Game Objective: Teddy Pets has 2 features, the Dice Bonus and Free Game Feature. The Dice Bonus awards prizes multiplied by your total bet. In the Free Game Feature your can trigger more free games and the Dice Bonus feature. Any 3 or more BONUS symbol triggers the Dice Bonus. Any 3, 4, or 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 15, 20 or 25 free games respectively. Game Information: The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. This game is played with 1 to 20 lines. Both bet and lines can be changed. The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. How to play: Setting LINES: 20 lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator. Setting BETS: A default bet per line is set. Increase or decrease the bet per line using ◄ and ► buttons to the left & right of the 'BET' indicator. If your balance drops below your total bet, the bet and lines will not be adjusted to the next possible bet, instead a Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your game balance, the Buy-in window will pop up. TOTAL BET: The total bet amount is the number of selected lines multiplied by the bet per line, and is displayed in the TOTAL BET. MAX BET: To play max bet, click 'MAX BET' and ‘SPIN’. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. WIN: The amount displayed under WIN is the total win from the current spin. HELP: To view the game rules, paytable and paylines, click ‘HELP’ button located on the extreme left. The first page to be shown is ‘RULES’. The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking the 'PAYTABLE' button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the line win prizes by the bet per line and multiply scatter and Dice Bonus prizes by total credits bet. The ‘PAYLINES’ can be viewed by clicking the ‘PAYLINES’ button. You can go back to the game by clicking ‘BACK TO GAME’. SPIN: Click ‘SPIN’ to start the game. After the reels stop any winning combinations will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Wining symbols are indicated by animations. Winning lines are indicated by animations. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Line wins are shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient balance. BALANCE: Your total game balance is shown on the top bar beside the game title. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. Click on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. The ‘SPIN’ button toggles to ‘STOP’ during AUTOSPIN mode. If your current game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the ‘BUY-IN’ window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your account. TURBO: The game can be played either in ‘NORMAL’ or ‘FAST’ mode. The button under the AUTOSPIN shows the current mode. By clicking on the button, the game toggles between NORMAL and FAST modes. Click GAME LOGS on the bottom bar to view the logs of the games you've played. This option is not available in Full screen mode. Click GAME RULES on the bottom bar to view the current version number & game rules of the game. This option is not available in Full screen mode. Click REBUY on the bottom bar to buy more credits into the game from your Party account. This option is not available in Full screen mode. Click EXIT GAME on the bottom bar to leave the game and return to the lobby. This option is not available in Full screen mode. Click QUICK DEPOSIT on the bottom bar to deposit money into your account. This option is not available in Full screen mode. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is only applicable for real money games. This option is not available in Full screen mode. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.14 %. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'Deposit now' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected when wild appears in the reels and before it expands, on reconnection the wild will turn all the symbols below it to wild. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of Free spins, on reconnection the software will automatically start the Free spins, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Pay Table: WILD 1 OF 2 OF 3 OF 4 OF 5 OF 0 60 120 800 2000 Substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and BONUS. Elephant 0 10 50 400 1000 Rabbit 0 5 40 100 600 Sheep 0 3 30 50 500 Turtle 0 0 20 40 400 Cat 0 0 10 30 100 A 0 0 8 20 90 K 0 0 6 15 80 Q 0 0 5 12 70 J 0 0 4 10 50 10 0 0 3 8 40 SCATTER 0 0 2, 3 or 5 10 100 SCATTER pays anywhere. BONUS 0 0 2, 3 or 5 10 100 BONUS pays anywhere. Game Rules: All pays on selected lines only, except SCATTER and BONUS. All symbols pay left to right starting with the left most reel except SCATTER and BONUS. SCATTER and BONUS pay anywhere. All pays are made according to the paytable. Highest win only on each selected line. Line wins multiplied by bet per line. SCATTER wins are multiplied by total bet. SCATTER and BONUS wins are added to line wins. Wins on different selected lines are added. Coinciding wins on different selected lines will be added to your total. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. DICE BONUS 3 or more BONUS symbols anywhere trigger the DICE BONUS. Elephant moves on a board game. Click on the dice to move Elephant. Each fruit awards a prize. Each blue square ends the DICE BONUS DICE BONUS prizes are 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 10. DICE BONUS prizes are multiplied by the total bet during the game that triggered the DICE BONUS. FREE GAME FEATURE Any 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER trigger 15, 20 or 25 free games respectively. Lines played and bet multiplier during the FREE GAME FEATURE are the same as when the feature was triggered. DICE BONUS can be won during the FREE GAME FEATURE. Any 3 or more SCATTER symbol trigger the same number free games again during the FREE GAME FEATURE.