Tens or Better Game Objective Tens or Better Video Poker game is played against the machine. It is a 1 hand Video Poker game and the objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand containing at least a pair of 10's or better, to the maximum of Royal Flush. See the 'Paytable' below for more details. You place a bet and the machine gives you five initial cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold and the cards you want to discard. When you click on  DRAW  the machine replaces the cards you discard. You win according to the rank of your hands. top Game overview All suits (spades, hearts, clubs, and diamonds) have equal rank. The game is played with a 52 card deck. This consists of the 52 regular playing cards. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top How to play The minimum bet is EUR 0.10 and the maximum bet is EUR 500 If game balance is less than EUR 1, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. 'Credits' and 'Total Bet' are shown under the 5 cards. The bets can be changed using the up/down arrow buttons available above and below of 'BET' at the bottom right of the game screen. The total bet amount is shown in the 'Total Bet' box shown under the 5 cards in game screen. The current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Paytable: The machine pays out as per the 'PAYTABLE' shown at right side of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the 'PAYTABLE' are for a unit bet and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet amount. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. The built-in Auto Hold feature will automatically select the cards to Hold according to the best strategy. You can choose to de-select a card marked 'HOLD' by clicking on it. Auto Hold option can be turned off. To hold a Card, you can either click on 'HOLD' button available at the bottom of the 5 cards or by clicking on the respective card. To remove the 'HOLD' symbol either click on the card again or on the 'HOLD' button. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards that are not held will be replaced leaving you with your final hand. Your win is based on the combination of the final set of cards and according to the paytable is located at the right side of the game screen. Your win is shown as a message in thick and bold font above the 5 cards The Credits meter is adjusted accordingly with the win amount. The default bet for the next game is the same as the bet you placed in the previous game. You can then choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. Click on 'RULES' button displayed at the extreme bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'GAME LOGS' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy-in more credits to the game balance from your sportingbet.com account. To exit the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Paytable The 'paytable' lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest combination is paid. All prizes shown in the 'PAYTABLE' are in credits. To calculate the dollar/cents equivalent, multiply the prize by the 'Bet' amount. Paytable Poker Hands Win Cards Royal flush 1000 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit. Straight flush 40 Five cards of the same suit in sequence. Four of a kind 20 Four cards of the same rank. Full house 6 Three of a kind plus a pair. Flush 5 Five cards of the same suit. Straight 4 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be low or high). Three of a kind 3 Three cards of the same rank. Two Pair 2 Two pairs, each of different rank Tens or Better 1 A pair of Tens, or better The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.00% The house edge (margin) and the probability (likelihood) of winning events occurring are mentioned below. 1. House edge = 1.59% 2. Probability of Occurrence Hand Probability Chance of occurring in 1 million games Royal Flush 0.000030 30 Straight Flush 0.000098 98 Four of a Kind 0.002346 2346 Full House 0.011456 11456 Flush 0.010665 10665 Straight 0.012359 12359 Three of a Kind 0.073813 73813 Two Pair 0.128457 128457 Tens or Better 0.253128 253128 I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected when the cards are being dealt or before drawing, please log back in to your sportingbet.com account and complete the unfinished game which is automatically opened on re-login. If you get disconnected just after the cards are drawn, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in game logs. If you are unable to play or are experiencing other problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018