Texas Hold'em Bonus Poker Game objective: Texas Hold'em ® Bonus Poker is a community card poker game played against the dealer. This game is heads-up, meaning you compete against the dealer to see who has the best poker hand. You can also place an additional bonus side bet. You and the dealer are both dealt two hole cards. Five community cards are then dealt. Both you and the dealer can use these cards to make the highest five-card poker hand possible. You'll win by making a hand worth more than the dealer's hand. Your bonus side bet is paid out according to a bonus paytable, irrespective of the result of the game. top Game information: The game is played using a single standard deck of 52 cards with no jokers The deck is shuffled at the start of every game The minimum ante bet is EUR 1 and the maximum ante bet is EUR 100 The minimum optional bonus side bet is EUR 1 and the maximum optional side bet is EUR 100 The suits (spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs) are ranked equally The game and the game rules are identical in both real and play money modes top How to play in brief: Choose the amount you'd like to bet as your ante Place an optional bonus side bet Click on 'Deal' button to start the game and to receive your two hole cards The following options are presented in each round: Flop: Bet and Fold Turn: Bet and Check River: Bet and Check Make the best possible poker hand with the cards available Compare your hand with the dealer's hand to decide the winner Winnings will be credited to player's game balance automatically top How to play in detail: Click on the chips shown at the edge of the table to choose how much you'd like to bet. The chip denominations are EUR 1.0, EUR 5.0, EUR 25.0, and EUR 100.0. Once you've selected your chips, you can place your ante bet by clicking on the 'Ante' area of the table. Press shift key and click a chip already on the table to remove a bet. You must place an ante bet for the game to start. Once you have placed your ante bet, the 'Deal' button will appear. Click 'Deal' to start the game or click 'Clear' to remove all bets. You can place a bonus side bet by clicking on the 'Bonus Bet' area of the table. Bonus side bet can only be placed before starting the game. Once the game has started, you'll receive two cards face-up. The dealer will receive two cards face-down. If you have placed a side bet, the system will automatically check to see if your two cards have won according to the bonus paytable. Any bonus win will be paid and losing bets will be collected at the end of the game. To continue playing, choose either 'Bet' or 'Fold' depending on the strength of your hand. If you click 'Fold', you lose your ante and any bonus side bet win is paid out. If you click 'Bet', twice the amount of the ante will be wagered as the 'flop wager'. You can't take flop bet back once it has been placed. The dealer then deals three community cards and places them face-up in the centre of the table. You can 'check' (i.e., choose not to place a wager) or place a bet equal to the ante to see the turn card (the fourth community card). The fourth community card will be dealt face-up in the centre of the table. Again, you can 'check' or place a bet equal to the ante to see the river card (the fifth community card). The fifth community card will be dealt face-up in the centre of the table. The dealer will then reveal his two hole cards and the system will check to see who has made the best five-card poker hand. If you have the best hand, the dealer pays even on the bets you placed on the flop, turn, and river. The dealer pays even on the ante if your winning hand is a straight or better. If this is not the case, your ante bet is simply returned. If your hand and the dealer's hand are of equal value (push), your ante, flop, turn, and river bets are returned. If the dealer has the best five-card poker hand, all your bets are lost. Any bonus side bet win is paid out. You can 'play the board' to make your best poker hand; this means using all five community cards rather than your hole cards. If both hands have the same ranking, the winning hand is the one with the highest numbered cards. For example, a Flush with an Ace-high beats a Flush with a King-high. If the two hands have the same high card, the highest card not held in common will be used to determine the winner. A push is declared if the two hands are absolutely identical. The suit order of the cards is not used to determine the winner. Here's a table listing the various paying hands: Paytable Poker hand Cards Royal Flush Ace, King, Queen, Jack, and 10 of the same suit. Example: A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit. Straight Flush Five cards in numeric sequence, and of the same suit. Example: 10, 9, 8, 7, 6 of the same suit. Four of a Kind Four cards of the same value. Example: 5, 5, 5, 5, 2. Full House One pair plus Three of a Kind. Example: K, K, K, 4, 4. Flush Five cards of the same suit,of any value. Example: K, J, 9, 6, 3 of the same suit. Straight Five cards in numerical sequence, but of different suits. Example: 5, 4, 3, 2, A. Three of a Kind Three cards of the same value. Example: 9, 9, 9, A, 8. Two Pair Two sets of two cards of the same value. Example: 4, 4, J, J, A. One Pair Two cards of the same value. Example: 8, 4, J, J, A. High Card The rank of hands containing less than one pair is determined by the highest ranking card. Example: 2, K, 9, 6, 3. The theoretical return to player of the main game is 98.41% Your side bets will pay out as follows: Bonus paytable Player's two-card hand Pays Ace-Ace 30 to 1 Ace-King (suited) 25 to 1 Ace-Queen or Ace-Jack (suited) 20 to 1 Ace-King (unsuited) 15 to 1 King-King, Queen-Queen, or Jack-Jack 10 to 1 Ace-Queen or Ace-Jack (unsuited) 5 to 1 10-10 through 2-2 (pairs) 3 to 1 The theoretical return to player of the bonus bet is 91.10% At the end of the game, you can use the 'Clear' button to clear ante bet and place a different bet amount. The 'Rebet' button allows you to repeat both your ante and bonus bets, and the 'Double Bet' button allows you to double your ante bet but not the bonus bet. Note that 'Double Bet' button appears only if your ante bet in the previous game is no more than EUR 50.00. The Buy-In window will open if your game balance drops below the minimum allowed bet. You can use this window to buy more credits from your Borgata Online account.. Use the 'Paytable' button to check the paytable and the game rules. Use the 'Gamelogs' button to view the logs of your completed games. Use the 'Version' button to view the current version number of the game. To leave the game, hit the ‘X’ button. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected after placing Ante and/or bonus side bet and before the game is started, Ante and/or bonus side bet is returned. If you are disconnected in the middle of any betting round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the game, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays top Last modification date: 7/6/2022