The Sting Game objective: Sting is a hexagons based game that consists of a draw area of fixed 24 hexagons which will rotate and then stop, producing a random symbol. This game has no pay lines. The player receives a payout for connecting and matching symbol groups anywhere on the hexagons draw area. The player gets wins when there are 4 or more matching connecting symbol groups (anywhere on the draw area) and the game pays up to 12 or more symbol combinations. This creates a large variety of wins (over 100,000 possible ways to win!). The game features an expanding Honey stick wild symbol. Wherever this symbol appears on the reel, it will turn all the symbols straight below it to wild. This game also features a Show Me The Honey feature which awards the users with free spins and multipliers. It is possible to win quarter of a Million in one spin on this game by playing the maximum stake and getting a group of 12 or more symbols of a few selected types. top Gold jackpot: 'Gold Jackpot' consists of four jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest - Gold Blitz Jackpot, Gold Quick Jackpot, Gold Super Jackpot and Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels in Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. Each jackpot level is reset to its individual seed value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The seed value will be the value that is set by sportingbet.com. top How to play: The amount you are staking will be shown at the bottom of the screen between the "-" and "+" buttons. Use these two buttons to choose a stake between MIN and MAX limits specified above. Setting 'STAKE': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR X is selected. The stake is displayed at the bottom of the screen below the reels. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet by using the "-" and "+" buttons available between MAX BET and AUTO SPIN. If your game balance drops below total bet placed, the system will automatically present the buy-in window 'PAYTABLE': Pay table can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE'' button at middle left of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME button available on 'PAYTABLE' screen. The second page of the pay table can be viewed by clicking on the 'NEXT' button available on the bottom center of the 'PAYTABLE' screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the stake placed. Clicking on the 'RULES' button in the pay table screen takes you to the Game Rules page. 'RULES': The Game Rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'RULES' button on the left hand side of the game screen. Player can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button available on 'RULES' screens. Clicking on the 'JACKPOT RULES' button in the RULES screen takes you to the JACKPOT RULES page. The Jackpot Rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'JACKPOT RULES'' button at the top right of the game screen below the Jackpot meter. PLAY: Press 'Spin' to start the game. The hexagons rotate and after they stop the rotation, winnings are paid; the winning combinations are obtained by having 4 or more of the matching connecting symbol groups anywhere on the hexagons draw area. Amount won will be paid according to the pay table. Symbols that form the winning combination will be highlighted and the win details shown at the bottom of the hexagons. Result: All winning symbols will be highlighted and animated. The total win amount is shown in the Ticker messages displayed at the bottom centre the reels. The symbols participating in a winning combination will be highlighted and animated. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. The default stake is EUR 25 which is fixed for all 24 hexagons and a player can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the "-" and "+" buttons between MAX BET and AUTO SPIN buttons. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter. BET: The amount that is going to be bet in a particular game is shown in the 'TOTAL BET' field. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDITS' and 'TOTAL BET' fields. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose the available number of spins options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto spin options to play with this option. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While if spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Expanding Wild Honey Stick symbol is the wild symbol. It will let honey drip downwards, turning all symbols straight below the Wild into wilds. Wild symbols may substitute only one matching connecting symbol group to form a winning combination. Any 4 or more connecting matching symbols including substituting Wild symbol may pay as per the pay table. Honey stick symbol can substitute for any symbol except the Sting logo. Honey stick can only substitute for one type of symbol and can be used for only one matching symbol groups' win. When there is more than one type of symbol that the wild could substitute to make matching symbol group wins, then it will be used only for the win that makes the highest payout. If different symbol groups can make the same payout, then it will be used for the symbol that is higher up in the pay table. top Show Me The Honey Feature Show Me the Honey feature is triggered when 3 The Sting Logo symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 4, and 6. Click on any one of 3 flowers, which awards free spins and a multiplier. The maximum number of free spins that can get awarded is 40 and the maximum multiplier is 8 You will be awarded with a random number of free spins & multipliers on selecting a flower. All free spins are played with the same stake as the triggering spin. Wild feature can be triggered during free spins as well. It is not possible to trigger free spins within free spins. At the end of the free spins you are shown a summary of your total winnings in free spins in the ticker area and the amount gets added up to your total credits. top Jackpot Feature Game The jackpot feature game is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. Play the jackpot feature to find out which level of jackpot you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Bonus feature game and free spin feature cannot trigger jackpot feature game. Choose six out of the nine available options to reveal the '$' signs. Only real money bets contribute to the Jackpot Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot. One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will begin after you click the 'COMPLETE' button. top Pay Table Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Payable screen. The NEXT button on the pay table window takes you to the second page of the pay table. (Please refer Fig 1 & 2 shown below) top Game Rules Click on RULES button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Game Rules screen. (Please refer Fig 3 shown below) top Jackpot Rules The Jackpot Rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'JACKPOT RULES' button at the top right of the game screen below the Jackpot meter. Clicking on the 'JACKPOT RULES' button in the RULES screen also takes you to the JACKPOT RULES page. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.57%. Fig 1: Pay Table-Page 1 Fig 2: Pay Table-Page 2 Fig 3: Game Rules I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of Free Spins, on reconnection the software will automatically start the Free Spins, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you get disconnected during Jackpot round, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 11/3/2020