Thor Thor Slot is a five-reel, nine-paylines 'Marvel Jackpot' slot game with a free game feature. The game also features a "Thor" wild symbol which substitutes for all symbols except the “Scattered Logo” symbol. Three or more “Scattered Logo” symbols anywhere in view triggers the free game feature in which all wins are tripled. Marvel Jackpot Marvel Jackpot consists of three jackpots at different levels, the levels are - from the lowest - Hero Jackpot, Super Hero Jackpot, and Marvel Hero Jackpot, with the latter being the highest. All three jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, on any of the Marvel Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the three running jackpots. All three levels in Marvel Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying combination, while betting any amount. Information How to play Rules Feature game play Paytable Information You can bet on up to nine lines. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Nine lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ▲ and ▼ arrow button available to the right side of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Pay lines can also be selected by using the number button on either side of the reels. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of €0.10 per line is set for all 9 lines, resulting in a total bet of $0.90. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows available beside the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance is less than €0.90, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Max Bet: To play with 9 lines and €40.00 bet per line, click on 'BET MAX'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET', which is located at the bottom right of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the bottom left of the main console screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for “Scattered Logo” symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. The keyboard shortcut for the Spin button is the spacebar. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. Free game feature total win amounts and jackpot win amounts are shown at the top of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win/ Scatter win which are paid in Normal spin or Free Spin is shown in 'PAID' field. Feature game: A free game feature is triggered when three or more “Scattered Logo” symbols appear anywhere in view. 10 free spins are awarded at a 3 * multiplier payout for all wins during the free game feature game. On completion of the feature game, the main game is restored. Continue Button: A Continue button will be presented during the Free Games feature. This button allows the player to bypass the display of winning paylines and associated symbol animations and continues to next free game. The keyboard shortcut for the Continue button is the spacebar. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the Up-arrow and Down-arrow buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDIT'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot Award: When one of the Marvel Jackpots is awarded, an appropriate banner message will be displayed on top of the five reels in view indicating the level of jackpot awarded and the amount. This information will be maintained in the banner window until the player's next initiated action occurs. At such time, the regular presentation and rotation of the main banner messages will continue. The jackpot win amount will be credited to your Party Account variale immediately. The jackpot win will not be added to the game balance. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the Jackpot messages for each of the jackpots will be played one after the other. The current amount of all the three jackpot levels is shown at the top left hand corner of the reels in the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of all the three jackpots is given below: Hero Jackpot: €50.00 Super Hero Jackpot: €500.00 Marvel Hero Jackpot: €5,000.00 You can also view the current values, last win details and Marvel Jackpot details by clicking on the 'Total Casino Jackpot' link in the left panel under the jackpot slider in the main Game Lobby of download client. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose 'hands free' game play for selected number of spins. To increase or decrease the auto spin count choose Left (-) and Right (+) arrows displayed in the bottom left of the game screen. Maximum number of Auto Play games can be selected is 99. Click on 'SPIN' to activate the selected option and start the spins. Click on 'STOP' to deactivate the AUTOPLAY options. While 'AUTO PLAY' is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin other wise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Account variale. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules LINES can be changed by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows. BET amount can be changed by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows. SPIN begins the game with the current BET and LINES. Clicking on BET MAX button begins game with maximum LINES and maximum BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins. All symbols pay left to right, except “Scattered Logo” symbol which pay anywhere in view. The “Thor” wild symbol substitutes all symbols except the “Scattered Logo” symbol. 'Thor' wild symbol pays by itself or in conjunction with other symbols except the “Scattered Logo” symbol. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Wins only occur on selected lines, except the scatter symbols, which will pay in any position on the reels. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays Marvel Jackpots are awarded randomly. No matching symbols required The size of the wager determines the chance of winning a Jackpot top Feature game play 3 or more “Scattered Logo” symbols appearing anywhere in view trigger the free game feature. The free games feature awards 10 free spins which are played with the same number of lines and the same bet per line as the triggering spin. During free spins, all pays are tripled. Free Games feature is re-triggerable i.e. free spins can earn more free spins if 3 or more “Scattered Logo” symbols appear anywhere in view during free games. There is no limit on how many times a free games feature can be re-triggered within a feature game Additional free spins are added to the free spins remaining meter. The feature win amount is added to any payline and scatter prizes already won. top Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen. Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.48% top Letzte Aktualisierung: 19.01.2015