Tornadough Game objective Tornadough is a Gold Jackpot slot game with group win functionality and a feature round which awards multiplier & free spins. The player gets wins when a group of matching consecutive symbols (connected either horizontally and/or vertically only) occur. This game has no pay lines. The player gets wins when there are 4 or more matching connecting symbol groups (anywhere on 8x8 isometric grid) and the game pays up to 12 or more symbol combinations. The Wild symbol is the Cornfield Wild and triggers the Wild expansion which will turn up to a maximum of 4 adjacent symbols randomly to wild except scatter symbols. Multiple wins from different groups will be added together. Scattered Barn symbols do not have a payout, but 3 or more scattered Barn symbols appearing anywhere in view award the Bonus Feature. In the feature, you must pick a barn to reveal the free spin count and multiplier value. The Bonus Feature can retrigger more free spins. Information The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. All wins occur on groupings, except for scattered Barn symbols which appear anywhere in view. How to play Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet is set, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to decrease or increase the bet by using the ◄ and ►buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'BET' indicator on the game screen respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, the bet will not be adjusted to the next possible bet, instead a Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: Click on 'MAX BET' to play with max bet. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The amount you are staking will be shown as Bet in the game window. RULES: To view the game rules you must click on the RULES button which is located right to the TOTAL CREDITS meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button available on the RULES screen. The JACKPOT RULES can be viewed by clicking on the JACKPOT RULES button which is located on a board beneath the Jackpot total. Jackpot rules can also be viewed by clicking the JACKPOT RULES button on the RULES, PAYTABLE 1 & PAYTABLE 2 screens. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button available on JACKPOT RULES screen. PAYTABLE1: The 'PAYTABLE1' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button which is located above the TOTAL CREDITS meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button available on the PAYTABLE1 screen. PAYTABLE2: The 'PAYTABLE2' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE2' button located on PAYTABLE1 screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button available on the PAYTABLE2 screen. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start the game. When the Spin button is pressed, a tornado comes in from off-screen picking up all the symbols as it goes. The tornado then drops fresh symbols back onto the grid and disappears. Result: All winning symbols will be highlighted and animated. The total win amount is shown in the Ticker messages displayed at the bottom-left corner in the game window. The symbols participating in a winning combination will be highlighted and animated. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in the 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter. BET: The amount that is going to be bet in a particular game is shown in the 'BET' field. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'TOTAL CREDITS' and 'BET' fields. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' indicators as explained above. AUTOSPIN: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. Till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under the 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under the 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto spin options to play with this option. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. Click on 'STOP SPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. When playing with multiple 'AUTOSPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTOSPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN  option is not available in play-money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number and game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' to deposit money into your account. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. Expanding Wild: The Wild symbol is the Cornfield Wild. Wild symbols may substitute only one matching connecting symbol group to form a winning combination. Any 4 or more connecting matching symbols including substituting Wild symbol pay as per the pay table. The Cornfield Wild symbol can substitute any symbol except the scattered Barn symbols. The Cornfield Wild symbol can only substitute for one type of symbol and can be used for only one matching symbol groups win. When there is more than one type of symbol that the Wild symbol could substitute to make matching symbol group wins, then it will be used only for the win that makes the highest payout. If different symbol groups can make the same payout, then it will be used for the symbol that is higher up in the pay table. The Wild expansion functionality is not applicable for the Bonus Feature. In the Bonus Feature, the Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except scattered Barn symbols. The Bonus Feature Game Play: The bonus feature shows a farmer with his herd of cows and three barns. In the feature you must pick a barn to shelter the cows in. When the chosen barn is clicked, the cows become alert and walk into the barn. The barn doors then close. The tornado comes through and either demolishes the barn with the cows in (leaving a couple of dazed-looking cows on top) or smashes one of the other barns (leaving just a destroyed barn behind). A plank falls in front of each barn showing how much the user has won and how much the other choices were worth. The amount of free spins and multipliers won by the user lands in front of the chosen barn is on a white plank and the amount the user could have won are on red planks. The text on the sign fades up to show how much the user has won. All wins during free spins including the wins from the re-triggered spins are multiplied by the initially awarded free spins multiplier. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. The initial number of free spins awarded with each trigger range from 2 to 6 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 5. The Bonus Feature can re-trigger more free spins. Free spins are re-triggered when 3 or more scattered Barn symbols appear anywhere in view during free spins which will get added to the total free spins. During free spins 3, 4 or 5 scattered Barn symbols will award 3, 4 or 5 free spins respectively. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Feature wins are added to the game balance. Jackpot Feature Round The jackpot feature round is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. Only real-money bets contribute to the jackpot. The jackpot feature is triggered when you hit the jackpot. The main game screen will change, and the jackpot feature screen will open, allowing you to select six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs, and see the level of the jackpot awarded. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen is restored to its previous state. Your jackpot win will be credited to your account balance immediately. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the jackpot feature for each of the jackpots will be played consecutively. The current amount of all four jackpot levels is shown in the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of all the four jackpots is given below: Jackpot level Reset value Gold Mega Jackpot $500,000 Gold Super Jackpot $50,000 Gold Quick Jackpot $5,000 Gold Blitz Jackpot $500 Play the jackpot feature to find out which level of Gold Jackpot you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the higher your chances of winning the jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot: One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award the Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award the Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award the Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after clicking the 'COMPLETE' button. Rules Click on the 'Rules' button on the main game screen and the game will navigate to the Rules screen. Gold Jackpot Rules: Click on the 'JACKPOT RULES' button on the Rules screen and the Rules screen will navigate to the Jackpot Rules screen. Paytable Click on the PAYTABLE button in the main game screen and the game will navigate to the Payable 1 screen. The PAYTABLE 2 button in the PAYTABLE 1 window takes you to the second paytable page. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.67%. Last modification date: 11/3/2020