Treasures of the Past Treasures of the Past is a five-reel, thirty-pay line jackpot slot game with a Bonus Feature round. When 3 or more tool bag scatter symbols land anywhere in view, Bonus Feature game will be triggered. Player has to make six picks, each win has random cash award. If the player’s picks reveal a golden spade, bonus game gets extended and the player gets 6 more options. He / she can make another six picks. Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot: Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is a jackpot that grows progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the running Ca$h Fla$h jackpot total. The Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination, while betting any amount. The reset value of Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is $1,000 Information The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. You can bet on up to thirty lines. How to play Setting 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking '<' and="" '="">' buttons available to the Left & right side of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Player can select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the beginning of the lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking '+' and '-' buttons available beside the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance is less than the default bet, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Max Bet button is available towards the left of the BET meter in the game window. Clicking on Max Bet button it will enable the maximum lines and bet per line that can be played. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES' and 'PAYTABLE': The 'RULES' and 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'Rules' & 'Paytable ' button respectively located on the bottom left of the main game screen. To calculate the line win, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO MAIN GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. Bonus Feature: Bonus Feature is activated when 3 Tool bag symbols are shown in the screen. Positions of the bags do not matter as long as they are on any of the reels. Player has to select all the given pits to receive possible cash award. If the user gets a golden spade (which can only be awarded in the last pick), he will be awarded an extended Bonus Feature round in which he will have to make further six selections. Golden spade cannot be obtained in the extended Bonus Feature round. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons near 'BET' or ‘<’ and="" ‘="">’ near ‘LINES’ indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this Bonus Feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this Bonus Feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till win is equal or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until your next win. Spin till Feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next Feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in ‘CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in ‘CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin Feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'Start' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'Cancel' to skip the auto spin Feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the option that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected options will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the game. Click on 'STOP SPIN' to deactivate the AUTOPLAY options. While 'AUTO PLAY' is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin otherwise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your sportingbet.com Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your sportingbet.com Account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Bonus Feature game As soon as the Bonus Feature game is triggered, player will get an ‘Instructions popup’ that explains how to play Bonus Feature game. Scattered wins are added to pay line wins. After clicking on ‘OK’ on Instructions’ popup, player will be taken to an archaeological excavation site where he / she will get to see 6 pits. Player has to select each of the six pits. On mouse over of each pit, player will be shown a mud block in a specific shape. This is to give a visual hint to the player to know what kind of objects may have hidden below. Player can get this information through the payout chart given on the screen. There can be three different shaped mud blocks. Once the player picks the mud block, it can either reveal any one of the precious objects as indicated on the payout chart OR it can reveal a totally unknown JUNK object. If a junk object is revealed, player wins nothing If a precious object is revealed, player wins a random amount. The amount will be decided in proportion to the value rating given (star rating) to the object on the payout chart shown in the screen. Higher the value, bigger the amount etc. Won amount will be displayed next to the object. The value of the random prize depends on the amount of money wagered. Extended Bonus Feature game If the player’s pick reveals a ‘Golden spade’ along with the hidden object, he / she will be awarded an extension of Bonus game. This can only happen on the last pick. When the Bonus Feature game is extended, player will be informed through a “Well done” popup. It will then automatically take the player to excavation site. Player will get another 6 new pits from which he / she can make 6 more picks. All the accumulated wins will be added and shown as ‘Total win’ in the Bonus Feature game. As soon as the bonus game ends, a Congratulation popup appears showing the total amount won. It then automatically goes to the main game. Player can see the Bonus Feature game instructions any time during the game play by clicking on the ‘Instructions’ button given on button left corner. Different 'PRECIOUS' objects shown in Bonus Feature game: Different 'JUNK' objects shown in Bonus Feature game: Rules Play is with 1 to 30 lines. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline. LINES can be changed by using the < and=""> buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the + and - buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. The Logo - Wild doesn't appear in reel 5 in the base game. Tool bag is the Bonus Feature symbol. All symbols pay Left to Right except the Tool bag symbol which pays anywhere in the view. Logo Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the scattered Tool Bag symbol. Bonus Feature round wins are added to payline wins. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Jackpot rules: Paytable (Actual pay-out values not shown in the below images) The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.60% Last modification date: 11/3/2020