Under the Waves You will find weird sea creatures, strange-looking plant life and precious treasure glinting through the murk in our Under the Waves slot. This is a five-reel game with 30 paylines and a free bonus games feature called Find the Pearls, which is triggered when you get three or more of the Under the Waves logos on a play. The feature screen has three pearls on it and you have to choose one of these precious objects. According to the pearl you choose, you get a certain number of free games and a multiplier. The Find the Pearls feature can't be triggered again during your free games, but you will win a random number of free games each time the Under the Waves logo appears on the reels. So, plunge into the mysterious depths of the ocean to experience our fantastic subaquatic thrills. INFORMATION Game is played with 30 fixed lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar. HOW TO PLAY 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default and game will be played with 30 fixed lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ? and ? buttons available to the Left & Right of ‘BETS’ indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet per line instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with max bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. All the 30 lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: To view the game rules click on RULES button which is located above the TOTAL BET meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘GAME’ button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button next to the RULES button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘GAME’ button. PAYLINES: The ‘PAYLINES’ can be viewed by clicking on the ‘PAYLINES’ button next to LINES button. PLAY: Click on PLAY to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the 30 lines, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Free Games Bonus feature Game: Find the Pearls feature Game is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Under the Waves logo appears anywhere in view in the base game. Feature screen will be shown with three closed pearl shells. Player needs to click on one of the pearl shells to win random free games and free game multiplier. The number of free games and free game multiplier will be awarded from the opened shell. The unopened shells will open partially to reveal the number of free games and free game multiplier which have not won. The feature screen will return to the main game window. All line wins during free games including the wins from the re-triggered games are multiplied by the initially awarded free games multiplier, In free games , Find the Pearls feature cannot be re-triggered but a random number of free games will be awarded for each scatter Under the Waves logo appearing anywhere on reels . But the multiplier will remain the same. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent game if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ? and ? buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. RULES Play 30 lines. LINES cannot be changed BET amount can be changed by using the ? and ?buttons PLAY begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 30 LINES MAX BET selects maximum bet for 30 lines. Pay outs are displayed on the PAYTABLE Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win amount is paid on each highlighted pay line Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. All wins on selected lines only, except scatters. Feature wins are added to the game balance. All symbols pay left to right starting with the left most reel except scatters. Scatters pay anywhere. The Wild symbol is the Octopus symbol: When wild lands on a reel there is an animation which is, the Octopus symbol will expand to random surrounding symbols by stretching out its arms, turning them wild. Between 1 and 8 extra wilds will be created from this expansion. The Octopus Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2,3,4,5 and substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Under the Waves logo. The Minimum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild is 2 including the triggered wild, and the maximum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild is 9 including the triggered wild, during base game and free games when wild expands on the reels. If Octopus Wild symbol and three or more scattered Under the Waves logo appear anywhere in view in the base game then the wild expansion will be shown followed by the Find the Pearls feature game. If Octopus Wild symbol and three or more scattered Under the Waves logo appear anywhere in view in the base game and if expanding wild covers one or more of the scatter symbols , they will still be counted as scattered symbols and will award Find the Pearls feature game. If Octopus Wild symbol covers one or more of the scatter symbols during free games, they will still be counted as scattered symbols and random free games are awarded and free games will be continued after the wild expansion. Only one wild (Octopus) symbol can appear in one game. Pay line wins are paid only after WILD expansion. The Wild expansion can also occur during free games. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Click on “RULES” in main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. FEATURES FREE GAMES BONUS FEATURE GAME: The Find the Pearls feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Under the Waves logo appears anywhere in view in the base game. Feature screen will be shown. Three closed shells will be shown. Player needs to click on any one of the shell to win random free games and free games multiplier. Once the feature is completed, game returns to main game screen and the awarded free games begin. All wins during free games are multiplied by the free games multiplier awarded. The initial number of free games (for find the pearls feature) awarded with each trigger range from 6 to 25 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 8. Number of free games awarded with each free games re-trigger (during free games) range from 1 to 10. Free games are played at the same bet of the triggering game. Feature wins are added to the game balance. If Octopus Wild symbol appear during the free games, then the Wild expansion is played followed by the line pay outs and then the free games continue. PAYTABLE Click on “PAYTABLE” button in the mail game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen PAYLINES: Click on “PAYTABLE” button in the mail game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. ADDING FUNDS TO YOUR ACCOUNT To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'DEPOSIT NOW'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. WHAT DO I DO IF I REACH MY BETTING LIMITS? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'DEPOSIT NOW' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I COULD NOT COMPLETE THE GAME. WHAT SHOULD I DO? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If player gets disconnected after triggering Free Games Bonus feature and before opening the pearl, after reconnection the player is allowed to select the pearl, continue the feature game. When there is a disconnection during the Free Games Bonus feature game (after opening the pearl), after reconnection the game will continue from where disconnection happened and the player is allowed to continue the Free Games Bonus feature game. If you get disconnected after wild symbol appears and before the expansion, after reconnection wild expansion will happen. Same behaviour will show when three or more scatters and a wild appears together but before the wild expansion. If you get disconnected after wild expansion, on reconnection wild expansion will not be shown and the player has to find out the result in Game Logs. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 5/16/2018