Ride of the Valkyries Raffle Jackpot Game objective: Ride of the Valkyries prize draw is a five-reel, no paylines and ‘all ways’ prize draw jackpot slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the game. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (WAYS) including reel 1 except the scattered Valkyrie symbols which appear anywhere in view. The scattered Valkyrie symbols do not pay anywhere on the reels but 3 or more scattered Valkyrie symbols appearing anywhere in view on the reels trigger the ‘Valkyrie Free Spins Winfalls' feature game. Game information: The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. top How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set. You can choose to increase or decrease the total bet by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the left & right of the 'BET' indicator on the game screen respectively. Max Bet: To play with Max Bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' section, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. RULES: Game rules screen can be viewed by clicking on 'RULES' button which is located just above the 'PAYTABLE' button. You can navigate to each page of Rules or Paytable using the buttons available on the screen. Back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK to GAME’ button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' screen can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button below 'RULES' button. WIN AMOUNT CALCULATION: Winning symbol combinations may occur from left to right in all possible Ways on consecutive reels except Scatter symbol. Only the highest paying combination on each Way is paid which appears left to right on consecutive reels including reel 1 as per the game. E.g. If symbol ‘A’ appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 (positioned at 0,1,2,3 and 4) respectively, then the payout will happen for 5 ‘A’ symbols only. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and Feature game is as below: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 If two of the same symbols appear on reel 1 and 2, and three of that symbol appear on reel 3, then way win does not pay for 5 of those symbol combinations together. But it will pay for 3 separate Way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. E.g. If one symbol ‘Q’ lands on reel 1 and 2 and three symbols of ‘Q’ land on reel 3, then there will be three different Way wins for symbol ‘Q’. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of symbol ‘Q’. The reel position for the above way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the reels will be paid according to the Paytable. RESULT: If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a way win of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) then you win and receive a payout as defined in the paytable. Any symbols that form part of a win will be highlighted. Total win amount is shown in the ticker message area at bottom of the reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BETS' indicator as explained above. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTO SPIN': To make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be greater than or equal to the game balance for the “START” button on the auto spin window to get enabled. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDITS' section and 'TOTAL BET' section. Spin till my balance falls below or equals: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be less than or equal to the game balance for the “START” button on the auto spin window to get enabled. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDITS' section and 'TOTAL BET' section. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the 'AUTO SPIN' feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button available at the bottom right of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the options of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If the current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of options, the ‘BUY-IN’ Window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. To deactivate 'AUTO SPIN’, click on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Always the logs of the completed games can be viewed. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. top Game rules: No Pay lines – All Ways slot – 243 Ways in the game. 5 reel slot 3 x 5 slot view in main game and in free spins. Coinciding Way wins on different reel positions are all added to the total. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. MAX BET selects maximum bet for the game. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. Only the highest win (paying combination) on each possible Way will be paid. All possible Way wins are added to the total. All wins occur on Ways, except for scattered Valkyrie symbols which appear anywhere in view. All symbols pay from left to right consecutively, including reel 1. 3 or more scatter symbols appearing anywhere in the view will trigger the ‘VALKYRIE Free Spins Winfalls' feature. Wild (Ride of the Valkyries Logo) symbol substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the scattered Valkyrie symbol. The Wild symbol can appear only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Feature round: The ‘Valkyrie Free Spins Winfalls’ Feature game is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Valkyrie symbols appear anywhere in the view. ‘Valkyrie Free Spins Winfalls’ Feature round is a free winfalls round where on any winning combination which appears on the reel, the winning symbols will disappear and then further random symbols will fall down to fill the vacant places to create chances for more wins. Once the ‘Valkyrie Free Spins Winfalls’ feature is triggered wall kind of graphic with 4 different free spins & multiplier options will be displayed on the screen. The 4 options are as follows: 30 free spins – x1 multiplier 10 free spins – x3 multiplier 6 free spins – x5 multiplier 3 free spins – x10 multiplier Choose from any one of the 4 available options of free spins and multiplier. Once an option is selected, the game is entered to the free winfalls round with the selected free spins and multiplier. The chosen multiplier value will remain the same for all the winfalls in ‘Valkyrie Free Spins Winfalls’ feature. top Winfalls: The Scattered Valkyrie symbol does not appear during Free Spins Winfalls feature, therefore the feature cannot be re-triggered during Free Spins Winfalls. In ‘Valkyrie Free Spins Winfalls’ feature, the random symbols are landing on reels forming wins on all possible Ways. All symbols involved in the respective winning combinations will disappear. The symbols left on the reel view above disappeared symbols will drop down to the vacant spaces and new random symbols are dropped from the top of the game screen to fill in the remaining gaps, potentially creating more wins for the same winfall. If there are any wins in the current view, the same process is repeated until no more wins are formed. If there are no more wins, then the next free winfall starts. All the Wins during the Winfalls are multiplied by the respective selected multiplier. The Free spins Winfalls are played at the same bet of the triggering game. Game balance and Ticker messages will be updated accordingly after each respective win. top Prize draw jackpot details: The prize draw jackpot consists of a large number of prizes which will pay out at a set time and date to lucky prize draw jackpot ticket holders. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each prize in the prize draw jackpot. To win it, you need prize draw tickets. These are obtained by playing prize draw jackpot games, such as Ride of the Valkyries prize draw, Aztec Gold prize draw & Jail Break prize draw games. You get a prize draw ticket for every $0.01 you wager at the prize draw jackpot games. For each $0.01 wagered a prize draw ticket is awarded. So if you wager a total stake of $2, you will receive 200 prize draw tickets each time you spin. The number of tickets you currently have can be seen in the casino lobby and any prize draw jackpot game. Ticket calculations are always done in $. Any decimal ticket value in a spin due to currency conversion will be summarized till it reaches 1 and a ticket is added to the sum total of the tickets. If after the last spin before the draw a player has a decimal ticket value, then the decimal ticket value will be truncated and will not be carried forward to the next draw. E.g., a EUR player has 100.50 tickets after the last spin before the draw, then 0.50 ticket values is truncated and only 100 tickets will participate in the draw. The game and lobby displays the total size of the jackpot pool when it is drawn, how many tickets you currently have and when the next draw will take place. The prizes are then drawn in a live draw which can be watched in the lobby. Any ticket can win a prize, but once a ticket has won a prize it cannot win another prize except when the numbers of tickets are less than the number of prizes. Any prize you win is instantly credited to your account balance. Every prize draw starts with 0 in the prize pool. Prize draw jackpot can be played in any of the currencies supported by the casino download client. There can be many prize draw jackpot instances, each of which runs for a specified period based on its configuration. The number of tickets are calculated daily using current exchange rates. top The draw: The drawing of the prizes starts when the countdown clock reaches zero. Make sure you get as many draw tickets as possible before the draw starts. A winning ticket is then drawn out for each prize and the name of the winner is shown live in the lobby. The draw starts at the last prize and works upwards to the top prize. Ticket and jackpot contribution calculation for the bet placed happens only after game completion. In this case, when free spins are triggered in the current draw and continue to play in the next draw, the tickets and jackpot contribution will be calculated after the game completion and will be applicable towards the next draw. Prize draw tickets for each player are reset to zero after the jackpot draw. top Previous draw results: The draw results and winners for the last 6 months can be viewed by clicking on the jackpot ticker in the lobby (bottom left). top Rules: Click on the 'RULES' button in the main game screen and the game will navigate to the rules screen. top Paytable: Click on the 'PAYTABLE' button in the main game screen and the game will navigate to the paytable screen. The theoretical return to a player of this game is 93.17%. top Adding funds to your account: To add funds to your account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (instant play clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on the left panel in the main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'DEPOSIT NOW'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a buy-in window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (instant play clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in the Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients), or click the 'DEPOSIT NOW' button in the 'Buy-in' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the ‘Valkyrie Free Spins Winfalls’ Feature game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the ‘Valkyrie Free Spins Winfalls’ Feature game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our Customer Service team. top Last modification date: 11/3/2020