The Vegas Club The Vegas Club Poker is played between you and the machine. The objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains at least a pair of Aces or better, to the maximum of a Royal Flush. For more information see the 'PAYTABLE' below. You place a bet and the machine gives you five cards. You then choose the cards you want to retain and the cards you want to discard. The machine replaces the cards you discard, leaving you with your final hand. You win according to the rank of your hand. top Information All suits (Spades, Hearts, Diamonds and Clubs) have equal rank. The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top How to play The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The bet amount is shown under 'BET' at the top of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The machine pays out as per the 'PAYTABLE' shown at the top of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the 'PAYTABLE' are for a unit bet and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet amount. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. The inbuilt Auto hold system will automatically select the cards to Hold according to their best mathematical return. You can choose to de-select a card marked 'HOLD' by clicking on it. Similarly, click on another card to hold it. You can hold up to five cards this way. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards that are not held will be replaced, leaving you with your final hand. Your win is based on the combination of the final set of cards and according to the 'PAYTABLE' shown at the top of the game screen. Your winnings are shown as dollars and/or cents under 'WIN' at the top of the game window. Your Game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. Any three or more 'DICE' symbols trigger the 'HOT ROLL' feature. On the feature screen, total feature win is shown under 'WIN'. At the end of the feature, the main game screen is restored and the total win amount for the main game and the feature is shown under 'WIN'. Once the game finishes, the default bet for the next game is the same as in the previous one. You can then choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'RULES' button on the bottom left of the game screen. Clicking on the 'RULES' button will open the rules screen. You can go back to the game at any time by clicking on the 'GAME' button. Click on the 'GAMELOGS' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to Buy-in more credits to the Game from your account. To exit the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. top Features Feature Game Play: After the Draw, "Dice" symbols may appear on cards in the final hand. Any three or more "Dice" symbols trigger the "Hot Roll" feature. The “Hot Roll” feature consists of one to three rounds. In each round, two dice are rolled and the prize awarded is the sum of the two dice multiplied by the trigger bet. To roll the dice, click on Roll. Wins from the base game and each round of the feature are immediately credited to your balance. To be taken back to the main game, click on 'COMPLETE'. top Paytable The 'PAYTABLE' lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid. All prizes shown in the Paytable are in credits. To calculate the dollar/cents equivalent, multiply the prize by the bet amount. Paytable Poker hands Win Cards Royal flush 1,000 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit Straight flush 100 Five cards of the same suit in sequence Four of a kind 50 Four cards of the same rank Full house 10 Three of a kind plus a pair Flush 6 Five cards of the same suit Straight 4 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be low or high) Three of a kind 2 Three cards of the same rank Two pair 1 Two pairs each of different rank Ace pair 1 Pair of Aces top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the game, you will need to log out and log back into your casino account, you will then be prompted to finish the incomplete game from the point where you got disconnected. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018