Vegas Spins Vegas Spins is a slot game with a personal jackpot, called the CASHPOT, that only you can win. It is won with scattered Cashpot symbols. The game is played on 5 reels, 4 symbols shown per reel, and 40 lines. There is a WILD that is stacked on all reels, and another scatter symbol to trigger free games. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.16%. How to play: When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping “+” or “-” buttons on the 'LINES & Bet' panel. You can change the lines played by tapping “+” or “-” buttons on the 'LINES & Bet' panel. The TOTAL BET is lines played multiplied by the bet per line. The SPIN button in the middle right part starts the game. AUTOSPIN: To use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold 'SPIN' button. You can change autospins amount using “ + ” and “-” buttons. To start autospins tap on 'SPIN' button. Click on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Tap ‘ ? ’ on the upper left side to view game rules of the game. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. RULES Tap on the ‘ i ’ button to navigate to Game Rules. You can go back to the game by tapping on the Back to game button. You can go to the Paytable by tapping on the Paytable button. You can to the Paylines game by tapping on the Paylines button The RULES can be viewed by tapping on the ► button or sliding right/left in the rules pages. Feature: Paytable: Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, tap on ‘+’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.