12 Coins™ Grand Gold Edition - Wazdan --> SBC Summit RIO 2026 --> SBC Summit RIO 2026 --> Games Why Wazdan Our Story Promo Tools News Career Contact Contact --> Mighty Symbols™: Diamonds Hot Slot™: 777 Coins Extremely Light --> Home / 12 Coins™ Grand Gold Edition Have your players experience an even more exciting version of their already beloved title. Days Hours Minutes Seconds Cash Infinity™ Cash Infinity™ presents players with substantial prizes while making the game more dynamic, a true game changer when it comes to slot experience. Hold the Jackpot™ The most exciting part of the game, Hold the Jackpot™ immerses players into the gameplay and grants great wins, up to the maximum 1500x their bet Grand Jackpot. Chance Level™ 12 Coins™ Grand Gold Edition introduces the addition of Chance Level™, making it even easier to trigger the highly engaging Hold the Jackpot™ bonus round. Top-performing 9 Coins™ series 12 Coins™ Grand Gold Edition join the family of 9 Coins™ and provides the well-known gameplay that crowds of players came to love already. Coins™ series nominations The remarkable Coins™ series has been nominated in 2 categories at the CasinoBeats Game Developer Awards 2024: Game Mechanic of the Year and Game Feature of the Year, proving that its unique math is worth the play. 12 Coins™ Grand Gold Edition takes the well-known features of its predecessor and delivers exceptional results by combining them with some new additions. The Cash Infinity™ and Hold the Jackpot™ are joined by the Chance Level™ mechanic, enhancing the overall gameplay. Additionally, the win potential and maximum prize have also been increased, with the possibility of winning a 1500x bet Grand jackpot. If you're in search of top-notch gameplay paired with captivating graphics, 12 Coins™ Grand Gold Edition is the perfect choice for you. Incorporate this golden slot into your portfolio and relish the amazing results. Game Info Game type: Slots Reels / Lines: 12 / 0 RTP: 96.13 % Max Win: 1500x Volatility: High Series: Coins™ Theme: Treasure Release date: 2023-11-08 Features Energy Saving Mode Unique Gamble Feature Hold the Jackpot™ Cash Infinity™ Volatility Levels™ Buy Feature Ultra Fast Mode Availability 30+ Languages All Currencies All Platforms Quick API Integration All Major Aggregators Markets Marketing Assets'> Get the game promo pack - your sleek bundle to attract players. Show assets Assets for: 12 Coins™ Grand Gold Edition 12Coins_icon_960x720.jpg File size: 593.33 kb 12CoinsGrandGoldEdition_logo_vertical.png File size: 2278.54 kb 12CoinsGrandGoldEdition_logo_horizontal.png File size: 781.39 kb 12CoinsGrandGoldEdition_icon_background_1920x1080.jpg File size: 680.63 kb Pique your online gaining cuRIOsity Meet us READ MORE --> Awards Client Area Contact Privacy Policy Our Licences & Certifications Wazdan Limited, having its registered address at Office Number 602 Dragonara Road, STJ 3141 St Julian's, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under Licence Number: MGA/B2B/206/2011, issued on 1st August 2018. Wazdan Limited is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 48872. + 10 More Responsible Gaming Read More © Wazdan. All rights reserved. We are at ICE London 2024. Meet us and experience your Online Gaining transformation. 6 - 8 Feb. 2024 | London N7-420 Stand Discover now! --> play Log In [ultimatemember form_id="44771"] register We are keen to receive your application! Introduce yourself and tell us what your thing is. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Surname * Email * Message * File Upload * Drag &amp; Drop Files, Choose Files to Upload You can upload up to 2 files. Chosen job: Choose job offer 2D Animator (After Effects, Spine 2D) 2D Graphic Designer (Digital Painting) Account Manager Account Operations Specialist Accounting Department Coordinator Administration and Accounting Specialist Administrator Linux AI Assistant AI Marketing Specialist C++ Game Developer Content designer Cybersecurity Specialist Digital Marketing Specialist Employer Branding Events Specialist Frontend Developer Frontend Developer Frontend Game Developer Game Analyst Game Art Project Lead Game Compliance Analyst Game tester Graphic &amp; Motion Designer Graphic Designer (Digital &amp; Web) HR Manager Independent Accountant Independent Accountant Senior Accountant Java Game Developer Java Test Automation Engineer Junior Administration Specialist Junior Graphic Designer Junior HR Specialist Junior Linux Administrator Junior Marketing Specialist Junior Technical Customer Support Junior Windows Administrator PHP-Backend-Developer Python developer Senior Java Game Developer Sound Designer Technical customer support Technical Monitoring Specialist Web application tester Please include the following clause in your Resume: I hereby consent to my personal data being processed by Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o. Oddział w Polsce for the purpose of considering my application. The data provided may be transferred for the implementation of the indicated purposes only to entities authorized under the provisions of law, as well as entities authorized on the basis of contracts concluded by the company. Providing personal data by users is voluntary. Users have the right to access their data and correct it. By clicking the "Apply" button, you agree to the processing of your personal data contained in the recruitment application by Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o.., with headquarters at Technologiczna 4/1B.11, 45-839 Opole, for the purpose of recruiting for the position indicated in the job offer. We kindly inform you that we will contact only selected candidates. By applying you confirm that youn have read Privacy Policy Send Czekamy na Twoje zgłoszenie! Przedstaw się i napisz, czym się zajmujesz. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Imię * Nazwisko * Email * Wiadomość * File Upload * Drag &amp; Drop Files, Choose Files to Upload You can upload up to 2 files. Wybrane stanowisko: Wybierz stanowisko 2D Graphic Designer (Digital Painting) Account Manager Account Operations Specialist Accounting Department Coordinator Administration and Accounting Specialist Administrator Linux AI Assistant AI Marketing Specialist Animator 2D (After Effects, Spine 2D) C++ Game Developer Content Designer Content writer Digital Marketing Specialist Employer Branding Events Specialist Frontend Developer Frontend Developer Frontend Game Developer Game Analyst Game Art Project Lead Game Compliance Analyst Game tester Graphic &amp; Motion Designer Graphic Designer (Digital &amp; Web) HR Manager Independent Accountant Independent Accountant Senior Accountant Java Game Developer Java Test Automation Engineer Junior Administration Specialist Junior Graphic Designer Junior HR Specialist Junior Linux Administrator Junior Marketing Specialist Junior Technical Customer Support Junior Windows Administrator PHP-Backend-Developer Python developer Senior Java Game Developer Sound Designer Specjalista ds. Cyberbezpieczeństwa Technical Customer Support Technical Monitoring Specialist Web Application Tester Web application tester W CV prosimy umieścić klauzulę w pełnym jej brzmieniu: Wyrażam zgodę na przetwarzanie moich danych osobowych zawartych w niniejszym formularzu przez Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o. Oddział w Polsce dla celów rekrutacji na potrzeby spółki. Podane dane mogą zostać przekazane dla realizacji wskazanych celów wyłącznie podmiotom uprawnionym na podstawie przepisów prawa, jak również upoważnionym na podstawie zawartych przez spółkę umów. Podanie przez użytkowników danych osobowych jest dobrowolne. Użytkownikom przysługuje prawo dostępu do treści swoich danych i ich poprawiania. Klikając w przycisk „Aplikuj” zgadzasz się na przetwarzanie przez Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o., z siedzibą przy ul. Technologiczna 4/1B.11, 45-839 Opole, Twoich danych osobowych zawartych w zgłoszeniu rekrutacyjnym w celu prowadzenia rekrutacji na stanowisko wskazane w ogłoszeniu. Uprzejmie informujemy, ze skontaktujemy się jedynie z wybranymi kandydatami. Wysyłając zgłoszenie, potwierdzasz zapoznanie się z naszą Polityka Prywatności Wyślij Contact us Pick our brains! Find out how we can set you up for growth. Leave a Message Get in Touch Fill in the form, and we will contact you shortly! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. I&#039;m * from * and have a question regarding: * Contact me on: * By clicking “Submit”, I acknowledge receipt of the Wazdan Privacy Policy. Submit Contact our CCO, Andrzej Hyla, directly on Linkedin Contact me Wazdan_Catalogue Contact us Fill in the form, and we will contact you shortly! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Surname * From * and have a question regarding: * Contact me on: * By subscribing, you agree to receive emails from us. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information. You can unsubscribe at any time. Submit Request Contact Cookies & Privacy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Cookies & Privacy