Power of Gods™: The Pantheon - Wazdan --> SBC Summit RIO 2026 --> SBC Summit RIO 2026 --> Games Why Wazdan Our Story Promo Tools News Career Contact Contact --> Neon City™ Lucky Reels™ --> Home / Games / Power of Gods™: The Pantheon Otherworldly gameplay and visuals will make your metrics truly godly! Days Hours Minutes Seconds Kraken Free Spins In Power of Gods™: The Pantheon players don’t have to fear the terrific Kraken, for the tentacles of this mighty beast bring gifts every fortune seeker desires – Free Spins bonus round. Zeus snd Aphrodite Spins Bonus Experience immersive gameplay with the seductive Aphrodite Bonus Spins, delivering passion and unparalleled engagement. Brace yourself for the electrifying God of Thunder's bonus round, filled with wild combinations and free spins that will drive players wild. Top-performing Power of Gods™ series As part of the top-performing Power of Gods™ series, this title is bound to generate godly results and attract masses of diehard fans of mythology. Power of Gods™: The Pantheon is equipped with a standard set of 5 reels with 20 fixed paylines that hold the power to create winning combinations. The action of the game is set high in the clouds where various Greek deities use their mighty powers to let players activate some rewarding special features – Aphrodite Spins Bonus, Zeus Spins Bonus, and the players’ favourite Kraken Free Spins. Witness the true potential of godly powers and experience the full glory of Power of Gods™: The Pantheon in your repertoire! Game Info Game type: Slots Reels / Lines: 5 / 20 RTP: 96.2 % Max Win: 1450x bet Volatility: Medium Series: Power of Gods™ Theme: Mythology Release date: 2019-10-17 Features Energy Saving Mode Unique Gamble Feature Volatility Levels™ Buy Feature Ultra Fast Mode Ultra Lite Mode Aphrodite Bonus Spins Kraken Free Spins Scatter Wild Zeus Bonus Spins Availability 30+ Languages All Currencies All Platforms Quick API Integration All Major Aggregators Markets Marketing Assets'> Get the game promo pack - your sleek bundle to attract players. Show assets Assets for: Power of Gods™: The Pantheon PowerOfGodsThePantheon_icon_960x720.jpg File size: 600.88 kb PowerOfGodsThePantheon_logo_vertical.png File size: 4458.09 kb PowerOfGodsThePantheon_logo_horizontal.png File size: 3285.82 kb PowerOfGodsThePantheon_icon_1920x1080.png File size: 2792.55 kb Power of Gods™: The Pantheon - read more Greek mythology is a set of legends told by the ancient Greeks to explain the existence of the world. The myths portray powerful gods, heroes and fearsome creatures and now, thanks to Power of Gods™: The Pantheon , you can bring the legends to life! Wazdan-powered Power of Gods™: The Pantheon offers 5 reels equipped with 20 fixed paylines. The action of the game takes place outside a temple placed high in the sky. The reels of the game are guarded by the powerful Zeus and the beautiful Aphrodite. There are two counters above the reels and beneath the reels, you’ll find a user-friendly control panel which lets you control the game and adjust the slot’s options. The online slot offers some great special features that can generate big cash prizes. To begin with, there’s a Wild Symbol represented by Zeus himself. The Wild Symbol is a paying symbol which means that it can form its own winning combinations. Its value is the highest in Power of Gods™: The Pantheon . The icon with Poseidon acts as a Scatter Symbol. A draw of three Scatters anywhere on the reels activates Kraken Free Spins with Moving Reels and Increasing Multipliers. Once triggered, you get 10 Free Spins. With each consecutive win, Poseidon slams the reels moving them to the right. The rightmost reel disappears and a new one appears on the left to let you create new winning combos. A consecutive winning spin increases the win multiplier which value can reach a colossal x7! Once a lightning or rose icon appears on the reels, a token is added to a relevant bonus counter. Collecting 5 thunder icons and drawing a further one awards Zeus Spins Bonus with Extra Wilds. The feature grants 5 Free Spins during which up to 6 Wild Symbols overlay other symbols with each spin. Getting 5 rose symbols and landing a further one activates Aphrodite Spins Bonus with Cascading Reels and Increasing Multiplier. With each awarded Free Spin, 8 random symbols disappear and icons from above take their place, increasing the Multiplier up to x7. If you manage to create a winning combination, it gets removed to be replaced by icons from above. This continues until there are no new winnings on the reels. Just as any Wazdan-powered online slot, Power of Gods™: The Pantheon gives you the option to adjust the gameplay to your style with the help of Unique Wazdan Features. The set of innovative tools includes the world-first, patented Volatility Levels™ that let you determine the frequency and amounts of the potential cash prizes; Ultra Lite Mode that shortens the loading time; Ultra Fast Mode which is used to speed up the play to the maximum; Double Screen Mode which lets you view the paytable at all times without having to leave the main game; Big Screen Mode which is here to allow you to zoom in the reels; Energy Saving Mode which can extend your battery life by up to 40% and, last but not least, a Unique Gamble Feature that gives you the opportunity to take a chance to double each received cash prize up to seven times. Power of Gods™: The Pantheon is online at Wazdan-powered casinos. Accompany the legendary Greek gods, win their favour and become greatly rewarded! read more Pique your online gaining cuRIOsity Meet us READ MORE --> Awards Client Area Contact Privacy Policy Our Licences & Certifications Wazdan Limited, having its registered address at Office Number 602 Dragonara Road, STJ 3141 St Julian's, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under Licence Number: MGA/B2B/206/2011, issued on 1st August 2018. Wazdan Limited is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 48872. + 10 More Responsible Gaming Read More © Wazdan. All rights reserved. We are at ICE London 2024. Meet us and experience your Online Gaining transformation. 6 - 8 Feb. 2024 | London N7-420 Stand Discover now! --> play Log In [ultimatemember form_id="44771"] register We are keen to receive your application! Introduce yourself and tell us what your thing is. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Surname * Email * Message * File Upload * Drag &amp; Drop Files, Choose Files to Upload You can upload up to 2 files. Chosen job: Choose job offer 2D Animator (After Effects, Spine 2D) 2D Graphic Designer (Digital Painting) Account Manager Account Operations Specialist Accounting Department Coordinator Administration and Accounting Specialist Administrator Linux AI Assistant AI Marketing Specialist C++ Game Developer Content designer Cybersecurity Specialist Digital Marketing Specialist Employer Branding Events Specialist Frontend Developer Frontend Developer Frontend Game Developer Game Analyst Game Art Project Lead Game Compliance Analyst Game tester Graphic &amp; Motion Designer Graphic Designer (Digital &amp; Web) HR Manager Independent Accountant Independent Accountant Senior Accountant Java Game Developer Java Test Automation Engineer Junior Administration Specialist Junior Graphic Designer Junior HR Specialist Junior Linux Administrator Junior Marketing Specialist Junior Technical Customer Support Junior Windows Administrator PHP-Backend-Developer Python developer Senior Java Game Developer Sound Designer Technical customer support Technical Monitoring Specialist Web application tester Please include the following clause in your Resume: I hereby consent to my personal data being processed by Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o. Oddział w Polsce for the purpose of considering my application. The data provided may be transferred for the implementation of the indicated purposes only to entities authorized under the provisions of law, as well as entities authorized on the basis of contracts concluded by the company. Providing personal data by users is voluntary. Users have the right to access their data and correct it. By clicking the "Apply" button, you agree to the processing of your personal data contained in the recruitment application by Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o.., with headquarters at Technologiczna 4/1B.11, 45-839 Opole, for the purpose of recruiting for the position indicated in the job offer. We kindly inform you that we will contact only selected candidates. By applying you confirm that youn have read Privacy Policy Send Czekamy na Twoje zgłoszenie! Przedstaw się i napisz, czym się zajmujesz. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Imię * Nazwisko * Email * Wiadomość * File Upload * Drag &amp; Drop Files, Choose Files to Upload You can upload up to 2 files. Wybrane stanowisko: Wybierz stanowisko 2D Graphic Designer (Digital Painting) Account Manager Account Operations Specialist Accounting Department Coordinator Administration and Accounting Specialist Administrator Linux AI Assistant AI Marketing Specialist Animator 2D (After Effects, Spine 2D) C++ Game Developer Content Designer Content writer Digital Marketing Specialist Employer Branding Events Specialist Frontend Developer Frontend Developer Frontend Game Developer Game Analyst Game Art Project Lead Game Compliance Analyst Game tester Graphic &amp; Motion Designer Graphic Designer (Digital &amp; Web) HR Manager Independent Accountant Independent Accountant Senior Accountant Java Game Developer Java Test Automation Engineer Junior Administration Specialist Junior Graphic Designer Junior HR Specialist Junior Linux Administrator Junior Marketing Specialist Junior Technical Customer Support Junior Windows Administrator PHP-Backend-Developer Python developer Senior Java Game Developer Sound Designer Specjalista ds. Cyberbezpieczeństwa Technical Customer Support Technical Monitoring Specialist Web Application Tester Web application tester W CV prosimy umieścić klauzulę w pełnym jej brzmieniu: Wyrażam zgodę na przetwarzanie moich danych osobowych zawartych w niniejszym formularzu przez Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o. Oddział w Polsce dla celów rekrutacji na potrzeby spółki. Podane dane mogą zostać przekazane dla realizacji wskazanych celów wyłącznie podmiotom uprawnionym na podstawie przepisów prawa, jak również upoważnionym na podstawie zawartych przez spółkę umów. Podanie przez użytkowników danych osobowych jest dobrowolne. Użytkownikom przysługuje prawo dostępu do treści swoich danych i ich poprawiania. Klikając w przycisk „Aplikuj” zgadzasz się na przetwarzanie przez Wazdan Services Limited Sp. z o.o., z siedzibą przy ul. Technologiczna 4/1B.11, 45-839 Opole, Twoich danych osobowych zawartych w zgłoszeniu rekrutacyjnym w celu prowadzenia rekrutacji na stanowisko wskazane w ogłoszeniu. Uprzejmie informujemy, ze skontaktujemy się jedynie z wybranymi kandydatami. Wysyłając zgłoszenie, potwierdzasz zapoznanie się z naszą Polityka Prywatności Wyślij Contact us Pick our brains! Find out how we can set you up for growth. Leave a Message Get in Touch Fill in the form, and we will contact you shortly! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. I&#039;m * from * and have a question regarding: * Contact me on: * By clicking “Submit”, I acknowledge receipt of the Wazdan Privacy Policy. Submit Contact our CCO, Andrzej Hyla, directly on Linkedin Contact me Wazdan_Catalogue Contact us Fill in the form, and we will contact you shortly! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * Surname * From * and have a question regarding: * Contact me on: * By subscribing, you agree to receive emails from us. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information. You can unsubscribe at any time. Submit Request Contact Cookies & Privacy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Cookies & Privacy