Big Catch Even Bigger Bass Game Rules and Information Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on any of the ways, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Cash Prize symbols. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the COLLECT symbol is active on reel 6. During any spin where a Cash symbol lands in view, if a COLLECT Scatter symbol lands in view on reel 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The COLLECT Scatter symbol will expand to cover the 6th reel and collect the cash values shown on the Cash symbols. Landing any Cash Prize symbols including Cashpots (MINI: 20x bet, MINOR: 50x bet, MAJOR: 200x bet or MEGA: 1,000x bet) with a collect scatter symbol in view will award that value. Once COLLECT has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a DUAL COLLECT symbol is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins on reel 1 as well as reel 6. Once either COLLECT has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new LOCK & SPIN symbol is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins on reels 1 and 6. Any initiating Cash Prize values are held in position whilst active reels re-spin. This continues until no new Cash Prize symbols land in view. Once LOCK & SPIN has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new CASH BOOST symbol is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins. CASH BOOST will award a cash boost (up to 5x base stake) to all in view Cash Prize symbols before collecting the final amount. Once CASH BOOST has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new PICK A FISH symbol is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins. On any spin where there will be a collect win, if a PICK A FISH symbol is in view, three fish will appear. Picking a fish reveals a prize that is awarded in addition to the value of any Cash Prize symbols in view.(Prizes ranges from 5x-1,000x base stake) Once PICK A FISH has been collected on a spin in the main game, BIG SPLASH is unlocked. On any spin where 3 or more bonus symbols land in view, the player will activate THE BIG SPLASH Cash Spins instead of the regular Cash Spins. Once unlocked an upgrade will remain active from that point onwards. Cash Spins 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger the Cash Spins Bonus. Once triggered, 10 Cash Spins are awarded. During Cash Spins any unlocked Collect Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a Collect Scatter symbol lands in view, the value of each Cash Prize symbol that also landed in view is awarded. Collecting 3 Collect symbols will award 5 additional Spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash symbols collects. Collecting 6 Collect symbols will award 5 additional Spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash symbols collects. Collecting 9 Collect symbols will award 5 additional Spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash symbols collects. Collecting 12 Collect symbols will award 5 additional Spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash symbols collects. Cash Spins continue until all Cash Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. The Big Splash Cash Spins The Big Splash is available once it has been unlocked in the main game. Before the bonus starts, up to 5 upgrades can be revealed. Selected upgrades will remain active until the end of Big Splash Cash Spins.Fish Upgrade - Increases the value of the lowest paying fish that can appear on the reels. +Spins - Up to 5 additional Cash Spins will be awarded. Next Level - The trail will start from the first retrigger position, awarding x2 on all collects (does not award additional spins). Two-way Pays – activates reel win payouts left to right and right to left. +Fish – adds more fish positions to the reels +Collect – adds additional active Collect symbols to the reels.+Golden fish – adds additional golden fish (MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, MEGA Cashpots) to the reels. Excluding the Fish Upgrade, all upgrades can only be revealed once. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit, Win Limit, or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available) Payout Information and Game Rules Win frequency, volatility and level progression may vary depending on the number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Cash Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. Available Cash symbols range from 0.5x to 15x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). During Big Splash if 'Two-way Pays' is active, all way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels starting from the far left reel or the far right reel. Only the highest win is paid on each win way. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 10/22/2025