Ted Afterparty Ted™ Afterparty Introduction Introducing Ted™ Afterparty, our 50 line 5x4 online slot featuring Cash on Reels, Free Games and the Cash Feature with Expanding Reels. Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 BONUS Scatter Symbols in view will trigger the Free Games Bonus in the Main Game. 4 or more Ted Cash symbols in view will trigger the Cash Feature. wild symbol The Wild symbol can appear on any reel in the base game and Free Games. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter and Ted Cash symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Bonus Scatter Symbol 3 Bonus symbols in view awards 10 Free Games. Bonus Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in Base Game. Free Games Low paying symbols are removed in Free Games. Any Ted Cash symbol in view will directly pay in Free Games unless there are 4 or more Ted Cash symbols in view. 4 or more Ted Cash symbols in view will trigger the Cash Feature. Free Games cannot be retriggered. The Base Stake used to trigger the Free Games will be used for the duration of Free Games. At the end of Free Games, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Values displayed on Ted Cash symbols are between 1x and 100x base stake. Ted Cash symbols may have jackpot values advertised and they will have their own awards. MINI-10x, MINOR-25x, MAJOR-250x base stake. All symbols on the reels in Free Games will get a cosmetic change in Free Games and in Cash Feature triggered from Free Games. Cash Feature The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional Ted Cash Symbols in view. Ted Cash symbols will carry cash values or Jackpot prizes. Landing a Ted Cash Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Collecting a certain number of Ted Cash symbols will unlock the next row above, with a maximum of 4 additional rows available to be unlocked. If the feature is triggered with 8 or more Ted Cash symbols, the first additional row is unlocked immediately. TED CASH SYMBOLS EXTRA ROWS 8 1 12 2 16 3 20 4 Landing in no Ted Cash symbols 3 times in a row will end Cash Feature. The total winnings in the Cash Feature is the total sum of all the Values on the Ted Cash Symbols in view at the end of the feature. All symbols bar TED CASH SYMBOLS will be dimmed down during the cash feature and will not be active. They will not pay out if a winning combo is achieved in this feature. Values displayed on Ted Cash symbols are between 1x and 100x base stake. Ted Cash symbols may have jackpot values advertised and they will have their own awards. MINI-10x, MINOR-25x, MAJOR-250x, MEGA-2500x base stake. Free Games Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Main Game. Once activated, it will guarantee entry into the Bonus. The bonus buy consists of 2 options (both cost 50 x bet). The player can choose between Free Games and Cash Feature. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. Wins on different pay-lines are added. Base stake is defined as the amount required to initiate a standard game round. This excludes additional wagers such as side bets, mid-game wagers or bonus buys if applicable. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (50 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Month/Day/Year:05/30/2024V1.0 Last modification date: 3/13/2025