Sinful 7's Sinful 7's™ Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Free Spins 3 or more scatter symbols award free spins. During Free Spins the 7's symbols which are part of a win upgrade to the highest paying 7's symbol on a winning line. During Free Spins 3 or more bonus symbols in view will retrigger Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Spin Boost (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) During Spin Boost the 7's symbols which are part of a win upgrade to the highest paying 7's symbol on a winning line. Gamble (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There are 3 options for the Gamble, Off, On and x5 your Total Bet. After any win(Excluding Free Spins), the player will have the choice to collect the win or gamble to try and win a bigger prize or free spins. If the player chooses to gamble they will be presented with two wheels. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the cash win, with the player able to adjust the chance of success/win value by pressing the - and + arrows. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins, with the player able to adjust the chance of success/free spins value by pressing the - and + arrows. The player can press either of the Gamble buttons to try and win. Landing in the green section awards the corresponding win. Landing in red section results in a losing spin with the player losing their winnings and returning to the base game. Pressing the Collect button during the feature collects the winnings. Gamble up to a maximum of 500x bet win or 50 Free Spins. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different pay-lines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 10/11/2023