The Flintstones Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Wilds can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and MONEY symbols. Yabba Dabba Doo! Yabba Dabba Doo! can be triggered randomly during any spin, awarding one of the following modifiers: Bonus Boost - Additional Bonus symbols can be added to reels 2, 3 and 4. Dino Wilds - Additional Wild Symbols are added to reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-10x, MINOR-25x, MAJOR-100x, MEGA-1000x base stake. Cashpots are only paid when being collected by the COLLECT symbol. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same game. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the COLLECT Fred symbol is active. During any spin where a MONEY symbol lands in view on reels 1-4, if a COLLECT Fred Scatter symbol lands in view on reel 5 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Fred symbol will expand to cover the 5th reel and collect the cash values shown on the MONEY symbols. Landing any CASHPOT MONEY SYMBOL (MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value. Any COLLECT symbols that land in view increment the unlock trail. New features will be unlocked as you progress. 2 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks LOCK AND COLLECT in the main game and free spins, LOCK AND COLLECT will hold any MONEY symbols in view before the reels start to respin. Any new MONEY symbols that land in view will be held and another respin will occur. The reels keep respinning until the win is no longer improved and then all Cash is collected by the LOCK AND COLLECT. 5 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks BOOST COLLECT in the main game and free spins. BOOST COLLECT will boost all Cash values in view (up to x5 total bet) before collecting each MONEY symbol. 9 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks MAX COLLECT in the main game and free spins. MAX COLLECT will select the highest value MONEY symbol in view and transform all other MONEY symbols in view to that value. 14 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks SUPER COLLECT in the main game and free spins. SUPER COLLECT will collect any MONEY symbols in view up to 5 times. 15 COLLECT symbols completes the trail and unlocks the SUPER SPINS BONUS symbol on reel 4 in the base game. When all five Fred collect symbols have been unlocked, they remain active in the main game and free spins from that point onwards. Free Spins 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 3 Bonus symbols in view awards 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins any unlocked Fred collect Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a Fred collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each MONEY symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 3 Fred Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any MONEY symbols Fred collects. Collecting 6 Fred Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any MONEY symbols Fred collects. Collecting 9 Fred Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any MONEY symbols Fred collects. Collecting 12 Fred Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any MONEY symbols Fred collects. Free Spins continue until all Free Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Free Spins are played automatically at the same number of lines and bet per line as the initiating game. Super Spins Bonus Once the base game trail has been completed the Super Spins Bonus symbol becomes active on reel 4 Landing 2 Free Spins symbols and the Super Spins Bonus symbol in view will trigger the Super Spins Bonus. During the Super Spins Bonus the player is awarded 5 Super Spins. Each Spin a Fred Collect is guaranteed to land in view, the same Fred Collect cannot land in view again for the duration of the Super Spins Bonus. Once all 5 Fred Collects have been activated the feature will end, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Super Spins are played automatically at the same number of lines and bet per line as the initiating game. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). Available Cash symbols: 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, MINI-10x, MINOR-25x, MAJOR-100x, MEGA-1000x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 11/19/2024