Saint Fished INTRODUCTION Pack your warmest mittens and join Saint Nick on a holiday adventure like no other! in 'Saint Fished', Santa trades his sleigh for a fishing rod and teams up with the legendary moby dick to reel in the riches from the Icy depths of the North pole. Get ready for a splash of fun and treasure-filled spins! STEP 1: GETTING STARTED Click the bet button to increase or decrease the amount of your total bet. Select from the list of available stakes from the total bet options (Depending on operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. STEP 2: HOW TO PLAY Press 'SPIN' to start the game (Depending on jurisdiction and operator configuration, spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms 2,3,4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. All winning combinations are added together. WILD SYMBOL Saint Nick is the wild symbol in Saint Fished. The wild symbol can appear on reels 2-4. The wild symbol can be used to help form win combinations by substituting for other symbols on the reels. MOBYLICIOUS MULTIPLIERS When Saint Nick and Moby Dick are part of a winning way, a random multiplier is applied to all ways wins on that spin. In base game, this multiplier can be x2, x3, x4 or x5. In Bonus Spins, MOBYLICIOUS multipliers can be x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15 or x25. FISHING MODE Any symbol on the reel in base game can have a sub-symbol on it with a value. The Sub-symbol can have a value of 1,3,5, or 10. A fishing meter above the reels will increment according to the total value of sub-symbols in view. The fishing meter level does not affect the fishing mode trigger. When the fishing meter reaches or exceeds the trigger value, the fishing mode is activated. Fishing mode can award the players with up to 3 prizes. Instant Prizes: These award cah values or bonus spins. Collectable Items: These are placed in the "CAPTAIN'S CABIN" and can award bigger cash values or bonus spins. Finding a Bonus Scatter symbol will directly award the bonus spins. The fishing meter is reset to zero or the value by which the trigger value is exceeded after fishing mode prizes are awarded. If bonus spins are awarded from multiple prizes, the total number of spins are added together and played out as one bonus spins session. If a spin does not land new sub-symbols, there is a chance that the fishing meter progress is reduced by a random value. Instant prizes can award 2.5x bet to 15x bet cash prize or between 2 and 6 bonus spins. Collectable prizes can award 5x bet to 30x bet cash prize or between 3 and 15 bonus spins. MOTORBOATING A random feature that can trigger on any base game spin that can add several sub-symbols to the reels. CAPTAIN'S CABIN The game features a CAPTAIN'S CABIN with 17 collectable items. Collectable iteams can be won in any order, and can award cash prizes or bonus spins, except for the sailfish, which is only available after all other items are obtained. The sailfish will award a varying number of bonus spins. Once all collectable items are obtained, they are available to collect again in any order. BONUS SPINS Bonus spins are triggered when Saint Nick obtains a bonus symbol while in fishing mode. Bonus symbols obtained in fishing mode can award 4 to 10 bonus spins. Bonus spins cab also be won as a reward from an instant prize or as a reward for collecting an item for the CAPTAIN'S CABIN. Instant prize triggered bonus spins award 2 to 6 spins. CAPTAIN'S CABIN triggered bonus spins award 3 to 15 spins. MOBYLICIOUS multiplers are now up to x25. During bonus spins, the reels expand from 3 rows by 5 reels to 5 rows by 5 reels with row 1 and row 2 locked. Symbol positions can be unlocked by havning Dynamite sumbols land on the same reels as the locked symbol positions. The position the Dynamite sumbol lands on must not be a locked position. Dynamite or Golden fishing lure symbols that land on the reels will award +1 spins. The ways counter will display the number of ways the player can currently win, up to a maximum of 3125 different ways. AUTOPLAY (Subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'Autoplay' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'Autoplay' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on Jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (Maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press play to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Autoplay will pause if you get into any bonus round including bonus spins and resume on returning to the main game. Autoplay will stop if you reach any set win limit, loss limit, or if a progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop autoplay from continuing on to the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. PAYOUT INFORMATION AND GAME RULES Win Frequency, volatility and level progression may vary depending on the number of games played. Payouts are multipled by the stake. Base stake is defined as the amount required to initiate a standard game round. This excludes additional wagers such as side bets, mid-game wagers or bonus buys if applicable. All way pay sumbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reeks (243 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Scatter wins are paid in addution to reels wins. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/5/2025