Ted Cashlock Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Ted Bonus Wheel. 6 or more Rainbow Ted Scatter Symbols in view awards Free Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Ted Modifiers During any spin in the main game, Ted can appear and activate a Psychedelic Super Spin which will add extra Bonus symbols or Rainbow Ted symbols to the reels, giving an increased chance of a win. At the end of a non-winning spin, Ted can appear and change the reels to a winning combination. Free Spins Every Rainbow Ted Symbol triggering the bonus will award 1 Free Spin. Prior to the first spin of free spins, any Rainbow Ted symbols in view will have a special Bronze border appear around the symbol. During any Free Spin, if a Rainbow Ted lands in view, a special Bronze border will be drawn around the symbol. If a Bronze border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Silver. If a Silver border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Gold. If a Rainbow Ted lands in view where a Gold border is already in place, it will move the Ted to another position on the reels, adding or upgrading a border. 3 or more Rainbow Ted Scatter symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards 1 additional spin. After all free spins have been played, the positions with a special border around them change to special Ted symbols. Ted will then appear on screen and reveal cash values from every special Ted symbol in view. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. If the screen is already full of gold borders and a Ted lands in view, it will pay a scatter prize of 10x bet. Bonus Scatter The BONUS Scatter Symbol can appear on any reel. BONUS Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Ted Bonus Wheel. Ted Bonus Wheel 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Ted Bonus Wheel. Spin the Ted Bonus Wheel to win 1 of 3 Free Spins bonus rounds. Ted Colossal Spins The player is awarded 6 Free Spins. Prior to the first spin of free spins, a pre-spin will take place consisting of Colossal Ted symbols, before stopping, with any Colossal Ted symbols in view changing to normal Rainbow Ted symbols. Any Rainbow Ted symbols in view will have a special Bronze border appear around the symbol. During any Free Spin, if a Rainbow Ted lands in view, a special Bronze border will be drawn around the symbol. If a Bronze border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Silver. If a Silver border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Gold. If a Rainbow Ted lands in view where a Gold border is already in place, it will move the Ted to another position on the reels, adding or upgrading a border. 3 or more Rainbow Ted Scatter symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards an additional spin. After all free spins have been played, the positions with a special border around them change to special Ted symbols. Ted will then appear on screen and reveal cash values from every special Ted symbol in view. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. If the screen is already full of gold borders and a Ted lands in view, it will pay a scatter prize of 10x bet. Lazer Gun Spins The player is awarded 6 Free Spins. Prior to the first spin of free spins, Ted Will appear and shoot his lazer gun, adding a number of special borders which can be of any colour. During any Free Spin, if a Rainbow Ted lands in view, a special Bronze border will be drawn around the symbol. If a Bronze border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Silver. If a Silver border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Gold. If a Rainbow Ted lands in view where a Gold border is already in place, it will move the Ted to another position on the reels, adding or upgrading a border. 3 or more Rainbow Ted Scatter symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards an additional spin. After all free spins have been played, the positions with a special border around them change to special Ted symbols. Ted will then appear on screen and reveal cash values from every special Ted symbol in view. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. If the screen is already full of gold borders and a Ted lands in view, it will pay a scatter prize of 10x bet. Super High Spins The player is awarded 6 Free Spins. Prior to the first spin of free spins, the positions where the Bonus symbols landed in view have a Gold border added to them. During Super High Spin, if a Rainbow Ted lands in view, it is guaranteed to add a special Gold border around the symbol. If a Rainbow Ted symbol lands in a position that already has a Gold Border, a non-gold position is chosen at random to have the Gold border applied. 3 or more Rainbow Ted Scatter symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards an additional spin. After all free spins have been played, the positions with a special border around them change to the special Gold Ted symbols. Ted will then appear on screen and reveal cash values from every special Ted symbol in view. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. If the screen is already full of gold borders and a Ted lands in view, it will pay a scatter prize of 10x bet. Thunder Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Extra Bet can be activated during the Base Game. While active the chance of triggering a bonus is increased. The Extra Bet is played at the cost of an additional 0.25x Total Bet. Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game. This will take the player immediately into the Ted Bonus Wheel. The Ted Bonus Wheel will award 1 of 4 Free Spins rounds. The Bonus bet is played at a cost of 100x bet. Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules 20 winlines are always active in both the main game and the free spins bonus rounds. Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different pay-lines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Bronze Border awards 1x-5x Total Bet. Silver Border awards 6x-10x Total Bet. Gold Border awards 11x-500x Total Bet. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 5/29/2024