Saint Nicked 2 Saint Nicked 2: Ho Ho Hoedown™ Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Scatter symbols in view in the main game will trigger Santa Free Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding Scatter, Cash and Collect symbols. Wilds can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Cash Collect When initially entering the game, only a Santa Collect symbol is unlocked and can appear on reel 6 until any further feature upgrades. A Collect symbol appearing in view together with one or more Cash symbols during any spin, triggers the Cash Collect feature. In the feature, any Collect symbol expands to cover the entire reel and collects the values shown on the Cash symbols after any initial wins are evaluated. The corresponding cash prizes are awarded in addition to any win ways. Landing any Cashpot money symbols (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) with a Collect symbol in view awards the corresponding pot value (20xBet, 200xBet, or 2500xBet respectively). There are 4 upgrade levels in the Cash Collect feature in the main game: Rudolph Collect: once a Santa Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the possibility to land a Rudolph Collect symbol on reel 1 is unlocked. Lock & Spin: once any Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols again, the Lock & Spin Collect symbols are unlocked on reels 1 (Rudolph Lock & Spin Collect symbol) and 6 (Santa Lock & Spin Collect symbol). If you land it, the Cash symbols that activated the feature will be held in position while active reels re-spin. This will continue until no new Cash symbols land in view. It is not possible to get two Lock & Spin Collect symbols on the same Spin. Happy Hour: once a Lock & Spin Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Happy Hour Collect symbols are unlocked on reels 1 (Rudolph Happy Hour Collect symbol) and 6 (Santa Happy Hour Collect symbol). If you land it, each Cash symbol in view will be boosted by up to 5xBet before it is collected. Thirsty Elf: once a Happy Hour Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Thirsty Elf symbol is unlocked. On any spin where any of the Santa or Rudolph Collect symbols collect a win, if a Thirsty Elf symbol is in view, it accumulates the values of all Cash symbols in view before being collected along with them by the Happy Hour Collect symbols. Any unlocked Collect symbols remain active in the main game and Santa Free Spins from that point onwards. Santa Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere in view award the Santa Free Spins and cash prizes as follows: 3 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 20xBet 5 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 100xBet 6 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 500xBet During Santa Free Spins, accumulating Santa or Rudolph Collect symbols awards additional Free Spins and Cash symbol multipliers as follows: 3 Collect symbols = 5 extra Free Spins + x2 multiplier 6 Collect symbols = 5 extra Free Spins + x3 multiplier 9 Collect symbols = 5 extra Free Spins + x5 multiplier 12 Collect symbols = 5 extra Free Spins + x10 multiplier The awarded multipliers will be applied to the Cash symbols during the Collect feature. Santa Free Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. Santa Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Santa Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Payouts are multiplied by the stake. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. All winning combinations are added together. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Cash symbols refer to Beer Cash symbols and Cashpot money symbols. Beer Cash symbols display values between 0.5 and 15 times the base bet. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 11/26/2024