The Goonies Hey You Guys Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and MONEY symbols. Hey You Guys Hey You Guys can be triggered randomly during any spin, awarding one of the following modifiers: Hidden Treasure - Randomly adds Coin Cash symbols to the Reels. Bonus Boost - Additional Bonus symbols can be added to the reels. Dynamite Wilds - Dynamites are added to the reels and explode to reveal Wild symbols. Cave In - Symbols are removed from the reels and new symbols drop in to award a win . Cash Collect When initially entering the game the COLLECT Sloth symbol is active. During any spin where a Coin cash symbol lands in view on reels 1-4, if a COLLECT Sloth Scatter symbol lands in view on reel 5 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Sloth symbol will expand to cover the 5th reel and collect the cash values shown on the Coin Cash symbols. Landing any cashpot money symbol (MINI: 10xbet; MINOR: 25xbet; MAJOR: 100xbet; MEGA: 2000xbet) in view will award that pot value. Available Coin cash symbol outcomes: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and MEGA (Multiplied by Total Bet). Once COLLECT Sloth has collected any Coin cash symbols on a spin in the main game, a new RESPIN Sloth symbol is unlocked in the main game and free spins. RESPIN Sloth will collect any cash symbols in view before holding the RESPIN Sloth in place and respinning the first 4 reels. Any new Cash Symbols that land in view are also collected by the RESPIN Sloth. Once RESPIN Sloth has collected any Coin cash symbols on a spin in the main game, a new BOOST Sloth symbol is unlocked in the main game and free spins. BOOST Sloth will boost any cash symbols in view by up to 5x bet and then proceed to collect any cash symbols. Once BOOST Sloth has collected any Coin cash symbols on a spin in the main game, a new SUPER COLLECT Sloth symbol is unlocked in the main game and free spins. SUPER COLLECT Sloth will collect any cash symbols in view up to 5 times. When all four Sloth collect symbols have been unlocked, they remain active in the main game and free spins from that point onwards. Sloth Free Spins 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 will trigger the Sloth Free Spins Bonus. 3 Bonus symbols in view awards 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins any unlocked Sloth collect Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a Sloth collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Coin Cash symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 3 Sloth Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash Coin symbols Sloth collects. Collecting 6 Sloth Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash Coin symbols Sloth collects. Collecting 9 Sloth Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash Coin symbols Sloth collects. Collecting 12 Sloth Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash Coin symbols Sloth collects. Free Spins continue until all Free Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Free Spins are played automatically at the same number of lines and bet per line as the initiating game. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the left most reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 4/23/2024