Peaky Blinders 2 Introduction Introducing Peaky Blinders™ 2: The Shelby Empire™, our branded 5x6 online slot with the thrilling and exciting atmosphere of the Peaky Blinders TV show. The sequel to the successful Peaky Blinders slot game features Bonus Pots, 3 different Free Games Bonuses, as well as their combinations - Combo Bonuses, and offering cash prizes, Wilds and Pots wins on top of 50 line reel wins! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available bets from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels form a line of 3, 4, or 5 matching symbols, excluding Special symbols, on one of the win lines starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 4 or more fully in view Special symbols of one type will guarantee triggering the corresponding Bonus round. Character Symbols There are 3 Character symbols in the game which are 4 symbol positions high. Any 2 random Character symbols can appear on the reels on any spin. Wild Symbol and Tommy Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels and substitute for other symbols excluding Special symbols. The Wild symbol is 2 symbol positions high. Tommy Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels during any Bonus round involving the Small Heath Bonus. Tommy Wild symbols overlay the reels, turning positions wild. Tommy Wild symbols substitute for other symbols excluding Special symbols. The Tommy Wild symbol is 1 symbol position high. Tommy Wilds pay the same as standard Wilds Special Symbols and Bonus Pots There are 3 types of Special symbols and corresponding Bonus Pots in the game: Whisky Barrel Special Symbol and the Garrison Pot The Whisky Barrel Special symbol can appear on any reel in the main game and any Bonus round involving the Garrison Tavern Bonus. Bullet Special Symbol and the Small Heath Pot The Bullet Special symbol can appear on any reel in the main game and any Bonus round involving the Small Heath Bonus. Bet Slip Special Symbol and the Races Pot The Bet Slip Special symbol can appear on any reel in the main game and any Bonus round involving the Races Bonus. Each Special symbol is 2 symbol positions high. Special symbols must be fully in view to be active. When 1 or more Special symbols land fully in view, the corresponding Bonus Pot(s) above the reels may grow bigger. The bigger the Bonus Pot gets over time does not affect triggering the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Bonus General Rules 1 or more fully in view Special symbols have a chance to trigger a respective Bonus round. 4 or more fully in view Special symbols of any type will guarantee triggering the corresponding Bonus round. When a Bonus round is triggered, the corresponding Bonus Pot grows to its maximum size and the relevant Bonus is awarded. The game features 3 Free Games Bonuses: Garrison Tavern Bonus Small Heath Bonus Races Bonus It is possible to trigger multiple Bonuses (up to one of each type) in the same main game spin, this would be a Combo Bonus. After the Bonus round is triggered, a Mystery Wheel appears to define the number of Free Games for the Bonus round. Garrison Tavern Bonus 5 to 10 Free Games can be won on the Mystery Wheel for the Garrison Tavern Bonus. No other Special symbols, except for Whiskey Barrel symbols, can land in view in the Garrison Tavern Bonus game. Each Whiskey Barrel symbol that lands fully in view will award one of the following prize types: 1, 3, or 5 Extra Free Games. Cash prizes from 1 to 40 x bet. Small Heath Bonus 7 to 12 Free Games can be won on the Mystery Wheel for the Small Heath Bonus. No other Special symbols, except for Bullet Special symbols, can land in view in the Small Heath Bonus. Each Bullet Special symbol that lands fully in view will award one of the following prize types: 4 to 10 Tommy Wild symbols randomly placed on the reels. It is guaranteed that reels 1-3 will get at least 1 Tommy Wild each. Cash prizes from 1 to 40 x bet. Main Game Character Symbols are replaced with new characters for the Small Heath Bonus only: Tommy (Gold) is replaced by the Italian Mobster Polly (Green) is replaced by an Irish Gangster Arthur (Blue) is replaced by a British Police Officer Races Bonus 9 to 15 Free Games can be won on the Mystery Wheel for the Races Bonus. No other Special symbols, except for Bet Slip Special symbols, can land in view in the Races Bonus. In the Races Bonus, there are horses along the top of the reels with 2 types of prizes displayed on them: Jackpot prizes: Grand (500 x bet), Mega (50 x bet), Major (20 x bet), Mini (10 x bet). Cash prizes from 1 to 40 x bet. If one or more Bet Slip Special symbols land fully in view, a prize from the horse directly above is awarded. It is possible to win multiple Jackpot prizes in the same Bonus round and/or Bonus spin. It is only possible to win Jackpot prizes in Bonus rounds involving the Races Bonus. Combo Bonus The type of a Combo Bonus awarded is defined by the Special symbols fully in view. There are 4 types of possible Combo Bonuses: Bullets and Booze Bonus - can be triggered by 1 or more Whisky Barrel Special symbols and 1 or more Bullet Special symbols. This Bonus combines features of the Garrison Tavern Bonus and the Small Heath Bonus, however, cash prizes will be awarded only by Bullet Special symbols. 12 to 22 Free Games can be won on the Mystery Wheel. Booze and Bookies Bonus - can be triggered by 1 or more Whisky Barrel Special symbols and 1 or more Bet Slip Special symbols. This Bonus combines features of the Garrison Tavern Bonus and the Races Bonus, however, cash prizes will be awarded only by Bet Slip Special symbols. Any Special Symbols fully in view can cause the Horses to change positions. 14 to 25 Free Games can be won on the Mystery Wheel. Bullets and Bookies Bonus - can be triggered by 1 or more Bullet Special symbols and 1 or more Bet Slip Special symbols. This Bonus combines features of the Small Heath Bonus and the Races Bonus, however, cash prizes will be awarded only by Bet Slip Special symbols. Any Special Symbols fully in view can cause the Horses to change positions. 16 to 27 Free Games can be won on the Mystery Wheel. Bullets, Booze, and Bookies Bonus - can be triggered by 1 or more Bullet Special symbols, 1 or more Whisky Barrel Special symbols, and 1 or more Bet Slip Special symbols. This Bonus combines features of the Garrison Tavern Bonus, the Small Heath Bonus, and the Races Bonus, however, cash prizes will be awarded only by Bet Slip Special symbols. Any Special Symbols fully in view can cause the Horses to change positions. 21 to 37 Free Games can be won on the Mystery Wheel. Free Games Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the main game. Once activated, it will guarantee entry into the Bonus. The Bonus Buy consists of 3 options differing in volatility, type of Free Games Bonus Buy, and cost. The Garrison - 45 x bet. When purchased, the Mystery Wheel appears where the Garrison Tavern Bonus or any Combo Bonus involving the Garrison Tavern Bonus can be won together with the number of Free Games for that Bonus type. Small Heath - 50 x bet. When purchased, the Mystery Wheel appears where the Small Heath Bonus or any Combo Bonus involving the Small Heath Bonus can be won together with the number of Free Games for that Bonus type. The Races - 70 x bet. When purchased, the Mystery Wheel appears where the Races Bonus or any Combo Bonus involving the Races Bonus can be won together with the number of Free Games for that Bonus type. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will pause if you get into any bonus round including Freespins and resume on returning to the Main Game. Auto Play will stop if you reach any set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules All winning combinations are added together. Cash and Jackpot Prizes are paid in addition to reel wins Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (50 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 11/19/2024