Artemis Rising Expand'N Win Artemis Rising™ Expand'N'Win Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms 2, 3, 4, or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Moon Money Symbols Moon Money symbols can land anywhere in view in the main game and in Bonus Spins. Moon Money symbols landing on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5 will carry cash prizes of 1-20xBet. Moon Money symbols can also carry Jackpot prizes: MAJOR (200xBet) and MINOR (100xBet) on reel 5, or MINI (20xBet) on reels 4 or 5. Expand'N'Win Feature 1 or more Moon Money symbols landing on reel 1 will nudge up and/or down to cover all 3 reel positions and trigger the Expand'N'Win feature in the main game and in Bonus Spins. After the trigger, 1 to 3 rows will be added above reels 2-5 before the reels are evaluated. All Moon Money symbols' cash prizes and/or Jackpot prizes will be awarded to the player in a consecutive order starting from reel 2 and ending on reel 5. If any reel in between doesn't have at least one Moon Money symbol, Moon Money symbols' prizes on the following reels will not be awarded. Expand'N'Win Mystery Trigger The Expand'N'Win feature may be randomly triggered on a main game spin where no Moon Money symbol has landed on reel 1. Bonus Wheel Feature Bonus Wheel symbols can only land on reels 3, 4, or 5 in the main game. 3 Bonus Wheel symbols in view will trigger the Bonus Wheel feature. If the Bonus Wheel feature is triggered, 1 wheel spin is awarded to a player. The Bonus Wheel contains the following prize options: Jackpots: MEGA (1000xBet), MAJOR (200xBet), MINOR (100xBet), or MINI (20xBet) 6 Bonus Spins with enhanced reels: 40 to 400 Moon Money symbols added to the reels Press the SPIN button to spin the Bonus Wheel and the STOP button to stop it. The Bonus Wheel will start and stop automatically after 10 seconds of inactivity. Bonus Spins Bonus Spins continue until all Bonus Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bonus Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will pause if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins and resume on returning to the Main Game. Auto Play will stop if you reach any set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. If the game is played in Autoplay Mode, the Bonus Wheel will start spinning and stop automatically after 10 seconds of player's inactivity. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel (243 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Win ways are not evaluated during the Expand'N'Win feature. All winning combinations are added together. All wins are paid in accordance with the paytable. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 4/1/2025