Saint Nicked Jackpot Royale Saint Nicked™ Jackpot Royale Online slot - Lucksome Saint Nicked™ Jackpot Royale INTRODUCTION There are more ways than one to celebrate the holidays. Enjoy up to 3125 ways on Saint Nicked™ Jackpot Royale, where you join Santa and Rudolph on their drunken quest to deliver the holiday cheers whilst trying to evade the long arm of the law. Step 1: Getting Started Click the BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements). Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel, forming a sequence of 2, (depending on the symbol) 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols. All winning combinations are added together. 3 or more BONUS Scatter Symbols in view will trigger the Free Games Feature from the main game. Wild Symbol Santa is a Wild symbol in Saint Nicked™ Jackpot Royale The Wild symbol can be used to help form win combinations by substituting for other symbols. The Wild Symbol appears in reels 2, 3 and 4 only. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for Bonus Scatter Symbols. Santastic Multipliers When Santa and Rudolph are part of a winning way, a random multiplier is applied to all ways wins on that spin. In Base Game, this multiplier can be 2, 3, 4 or 5 In Free Games, Santastic Multipliers can be 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15 or 25. Bar Meter Any symbol except Bonus Scatter symbols in view can host a sub-symbol with a value. The value signifies the number of collectibles won from the sub-symbol. The sub-symbol can have a value of 1, 3, 5 or 10. The Bar Meter will increment according to the total value of sub-symbols in view. When the Bar Meter reaches or exceeds the trigger value, the next Advent Calendar prize will be awarded. The trigger value and corresponding safe points will be dictated by the next prize to be won on the Advent Calendar. Sub-symbols must be collected on subsequent spins. If the Bar Meter reaches or exceeds a safe point, it cannot go below that safe point until the next Advent Calendar prize is triggered. If a spin does not land new sub-symbols, the Bar Meter is reset to the last achieved safe point or back to zero. Advent Calendar The game features an advent calendar with 25 prizes. Prizes are opened one by one in a numerical order with the Star as the last prize. There are 24 baubles that can award Free Games or Cash Prizes. There are 3 types of baubles on the advent calendar, each with specific trigger values. Green = 20 collections Red = 40 collections Gold = 60 collection The last prize on the Advent Calendar is a Star. Star = 100 collections Stars will award a varying number of Free Games. The possible prizes from the advent calendar are as follows:. Green: 5x BET to 15x BET or 2 to 5 FREE GAMES Red: 12x BET to 30x BET or 2 to 6 FREE GAMES Gold: 20x BET to 30x BET or 3 to 9 FREE GAMES Star: 7 to 10 FREE GAMES Green Bauble Red Bauble Gold Bauble Star 5x BET 12x BET 20x BET 7 FREE GAMES 6x BET 15x BET 30x BET 8 FREE GAMES 7x BET 20x BET 3 FREE GAMES 9 FREE GAMES 8x BET 25x BET 4 FREE GAMES 10 FREE GAMES 9x BET 30x BET 5 FREE GAMES 10x BET 2 FREE GAMES 6 FREE GAMES 12x BET 3 FREE GAMES 7 FREE GAMES 15x BET 4 FREE GAMES 8 FREE GAMES 2 FREE GAMES 5 FREE GAMES 9 FREE GAMES 3 FREE GAMES 6 FREE GAMES 4 FREE GAMES 5 FREE GAMES --> Advent Calendar Completion When the Star is awarded for the first time, the advent calendar is considered to be completed. The Star will then be the only prize available on the completed Advent Calendar on any base game spin. The safe point will be locked at 60 after advent calendar completion. Free Games 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards the Bonus with 5 Free Games. 4 Bonus Scatter symbols awards 10 Free Games and 5 Bonus Scatter symbols awards 20 Free Games Santastic Multipliers are now up to x25! During Free Games, the reels expand from 3 rows by 5 reels to 5 rows by 5 reels with Row 1 and Row 2 locked. Symbol positions can be unlocked by having Key symbols land on the same reels as the locked symbol positions. The position the Key symbol lands on must not be a locked postion. Key or Soap symbols that land on the reel will award +1 free games. The Ways counter will display the amount of ways the player can currently win, up to a maximum of 3125 different ways. Jackpot Royale Randomly activated during any base game spin. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay and is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). Auto Play will continue after any bonus round including Freespins. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. Base stake is defined as the amount required to initiate a standard game round. This excludes additional wagers such as side bets, mid-game wagers or bonus buys. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The game history viewer shows a representation of the on-screen result. Some graphical and game play elements may vary on a game by game basis. This does not affect the result of the game. During Demo play, Demo balance will be capped at a maximum of 1,000.00 (or currency equivalent). Last modification date: 11/14/2023