Masters of Atlantis 2 Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'PLAY' to start the game. (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The symbols will be removed and new symbols will cascade onto the reels. If 8 or more matching symbols appear in view, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in.Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Rising Multipliers Rising multipliers are active during the base game. During any spin the Rising Multiplier can be triggered, once triggered a Multiplier will float up to a random position on the reels. Rising Multiplier symbol appearing in view during a win cascade will award a multiplier from x2-x100. Once no more winning cascades are achieved the values of all Multiplier symbols in view are added together which multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. Once all wins are processed the Rising Multiplier symbol can hold over and step up one position above its current position. Poseidon's Call During any spin when a winning cascade is achieved in the base game, on the next spin there is a chance the height of the grid is increased by 1 additional row. If on the next spin, a winning cascade is achieved then there is a chance the grid height will increase again on the subsequent spin and so on, up to a maximum of 8 rows high. If Free Spins are triggered on a spin where the grid height has been increased, the Free Spins Bonus started from the triggering reel height. If no win is achieved during a spin then the grid size reverts back to the standard 6x5. Free Spins 4 or more Bonus Symbols in view awards Free Spins. During any spin when a winning cascade is achieved, on the next spin there is a chance the height of the grid is increased by 1 additional row. The active level will persist until the end of the feature, with the chance of increasing after each spin where a win is achieved up to a maximum of 6x8. During Free Spins the Rising Multiplier symbol increases with every step. Once no more winning cascades are achieved the values of all Multiplier symbols in view are added together which multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view during Free Spins award additional Free Spins. Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the player can choose from 3 options. Buy Free Spins, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating free spins. Free Spins, costs x125 bet. Buy Ultimate Rise, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating free spins. Only the Golden and Red Bubbles (enhanced multiplier values) are in play during Ultimate Rise. Ultimate Rise costs x375 bet. Buy Poseidon's Fury, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating free spins. Only the Golden and Red Bubbles (enhanced multiplier values) are in play along with the reel height fixed at the maximum of 6x8 for the duration of the feature. Poseidon's Fury costs 625x bet. Extra Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Extra Bet can be activated during the Base Game. While active the chance of triggering a bonus is increased. The Extra Bet is played at the cost of an additional 0.25x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Any rising multipliers and increases to grid height are held over separately for each stake, including when the Extra Bet is active. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Blue bubble multipliers range from x2-x9. Gold bubble multipliers range from x10-x100 in the main game and x10-x400 during free spins. Red bubble multiplier range from x500-x1000 during free spins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/19/2024