Super Hot Repeater Super Hot Repeater - Player Instructions INTRODUCTION Try your luck! Take your chance of the exciting ReWin-Feature up to six times. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Rewin Feature If the same symbol appears 9 times on the screen the Rewin feature will be started. A Fullscreen can be won again within the feature. If the running light stops on a red field then the feature is ended. If it stops on a green field then the Fullscreen win is won again. The Rewin feature can take place a maximum of six times. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (5 winlines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left or far right reel (5 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. WINLINES v4.0 Last modification date: 1/3/2023