Deal or No Deal The Big Hit Megaways Jackpot Royale Deal Or No Deal The Big Hit MEGAWAYS™ Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Bonus Trail The Bonus Trail has 8 positions and every reaction will increment the trail by 1 place. Position 4 is a guaranteed Deal or No Deal Bonus and position 8 is a guaranteed Big Win. The Bonus Trail will randomly determine each position on every spin. Available outcomes from the Bonus Trail: Multiplier - Multiplies the win from the next reaction (Multipliers range from x2 - x10). Deal or No Deal - Triggers the Deal or No Deal Bonus. Eliminate - Eliminates the 5 lowest outcomes from the Deal or No Deal bonus. Boost - Upgrades all the gold outcomes within the Deal or No Deal Bonus. Red Alert - Eliminates all silver and upgrades all gold outcomes within the Deal or No Deal bonus. Cash - Awards a cash value ranging from 100x - 500x bet. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery Symbol cannot reveal the scatter or wild symbols. Deal or no Deal After a short screen transition the player will be presented with the Deal or No Deal Studio. After entering the Deal or No Deal Studio, any upgrades awarded from the Bonus Trail will take place. The Deal or No Deal bonus consist of Cash values and Free Spins (depending on feature trigger). Deal or No Deal - Cash prizes range from 1x - 30x bet. Free Spins prizes range from 8 - 25 Spins (The available Cash and Free Spins prizes are determined by the feature trigger). Choose your lucky case, then play a real game of Deal or No Deal against the banker. At the end of every round the banker will make you an offer and it is up to you to Deal or No Deal? If at any point the Deal is taken, there is a chance the Banker can award you Banker's Bonus Spins in addition to the cash offer. These are free spins played out after the Deal or no Deal feature. Free Spins During Free Spins the Bonus Trail will be upgraded to become a Multiplier Trail. Every spin the Multiplier Trail will randomly reveal new multipliers ranging from x2 - x100. Every reaction will increment the Multiplier Trail and increase the Win Multiplier for the active spin. During Free Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Free Spins Scatters and will award extra Free Spins: 3 Free Spins Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 4 Free Spins Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Jackpot Royale 4 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols in the top reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Best strategy: Collect the first offer from the banker. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/22/2025