Top Cat Jackpot Royale Top Cat Jackpot Royale - Player Instructions INTRODUCTION Top Cat is a 5-reel 20-line slot based on the classic TV cartoon. The game has 5 fun and frantic features as well as TC’s Call or Nothing, where the gang can award you all manner of crazy prizes and capers. It’s the most Tip Top Slot – Top Cat! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET.Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards The Master Plan bonus. Revealing the Cash Picker Bonus plan during the Master Plan Bonus awards the Cash Picker Bonus. Revealing the Maharajah Heist Bonus plan during the Maharajah Heist Bonus awards the Maharajah Heist Bonus. Revealing the Diner Free Spins Bonus plan during the Master Plan Bonus awards the Diner Free Spins Bonus. Revealing the Dibble’s Free Spins Bonus plan during the Master Plan Bonus awards Dibble’s Free Spins Bonus. Revealing the Construction Site Wilds Bonus plan during the Master Plan Bonus awards Construction Site Wilds Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Water Wilds, Choo Piano Wilds, Dibble Wilds (single and full reel) and Hot Dog Wilds. Call or Nothing If Top Cat appears from the trash can during any game there is chance that Call or Nothing can be triggered. The Top Cat appears, where he can speak with one of the gang and award one of the following features: - Choo’s Piano Wilds - As the reels continue to spin, Choo will walk onscreen up to the centre of the reels. Brain swings in on a rope before a Piano drops down onto Choo’s head. A comedy bump would then appear with stars floating on to the reels transforming symbols into wilds. - Brain’s Water Wilds - As the reels continue to spin, Brain will appear with a fire hydrant appearing next to each reel. Brain uses his wrench to shoot water from each hydrant potentially turning the reel Wild before moving onto the next reel. This continues until Brain has worked through all 5 reels. - Spook’s Mice as Nice – After a call between TC and Spook, the reels will stop and TC will appear from the trash can and blow his whistle, with Mice appearing next to each reel symbol, jumbling them to create a winning spin. If the TC blows his whistle again, the mice will jumble the symbols again to create another win. This continues until Office Dibble appears, with the player awarded the amount won from all the Jumbles. - Benny’s Colossal TVs - As the reels continue to spin, Benny will appear, pressing the button on his remote, making a Colossal TV appear which will add a number of TVs to the reels. Once a number of colossal TVs have been added to the reels, the reels will stop with Benny pressing his remote again to make every TV reveal a mystery symbol at random. · Win any one of the Tip Top feature Bonuses during Call or Nothing! Mini Bonus Fancy Fancy’s Hot Dog - On the 5 th reel there will be a special Hot Dog Wild that will cover 3 reel positions. If the Hot Dog lands fully in view on reel 5 then the Respin Bonus is triggered. A hot Dog vendor will appear and place his cart on the 5 th reel, encasing the Hot Dog Wild. Fancy Fancy and the Gang will appear with a fishing rod and the reels will respin. After the spin the player is paid for any wins, and then FF will cast his line and put the cart and Wild 1 reel to the left. This will continue until the hot dog has moved to the 1 st reel with a respin, where the angry vendor will come and snatch his cart, dragging everyone off screen. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by landing 3 bonus symbols anywhere in view on the reels 1, 3, and 5. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by the Plan selected from the Pick A Plan cut scene. The player will pick a bonus at which point a drop down paper sheet will cover the plan map, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Cash Picker Bonus Triggered by revealing the Bonus from the Pick A Plan Bonus. After a short transition, a back street scene will be shown with a garbage truck driving on and dropping a number of bins onto the screen. At this point the player is prompted to Pick A Bin, with one of the characters appearing holding a multiplier sign before going back into the bin. The player continues selecting until Dibble is revealed holding COLLECT, where the player exits the feature with the amount displayed in the TOTAL WIN panel on the clothes line at the top of the screen. The player can reveal another bonus instead of collect, at which point the player will instantly be taken into the new bonus round (Each pick will award a multiplier between 1x - 50x Total Bet or another bonus). Maharaja Heist Bonus After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that is themed around the Maharaja Heist. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a multiplier trail up the side of the Hotel and stage 2 is a Big Money Board. The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to Choose One of the Gang in order to advance up the hotel and thus increasing the total bet multiplier. Selecting one of the gang will reveal one of the following positive or negative outcomes:- Event Action Advance 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Will action the gang to move up the side of the Hotel by the corresponding number of Windows. Collect Ends the bonus and pays the current total bet multiplier. If the ‘Big Money’ end game is reached, the gang enter the big money end game. Here the player is presented with a board layout with the gang and dibble on the board. A red die will be rolled to move the gang around the board, collecting big Total Bet multipliers, followed by a blue die roll for Dibble. If Dibble catches the gang then the game cuts to an end scene where the player is awarded the win shown, which is a multiplier of Total Bet. Construction Site Free Spins Revealing the Construction site from the Master Plan Bonus awards Construction Site Free Spins. A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, this time a construction site with multiple reels in view. The screen will start at the top, on the fifth reel set. This reel will be littered with WILDS. The screen then pans down to four other reel sets, which also display WILDS across the reels, however less on the reels closer to the bottom. The player is then presented with the bottom construction level. Here the player will play out their set of free spins on this reel set. The object of the Free Spins round is to collect Top Cat stickers which appear stuck over the symbols. By collecting a number of TC stickers this then advances the player up to the next reel set. The further the player levels up, the more additional wilds will be awarded. As the player gets higher up, additional spins are awarded. Free Spins continue until all spins are used where the player is awarded the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings. Additional free spins are awarded each time the player completes a level. Diner Free Spins Triggered by revealing the Bonus from the Master Plan Bonus. After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary set of reels that will be set a diner, with the characters sat at the counter. Diner Free Spins are unlimited with wilds active on reels 2-5. After each spin if a special scatter symbol lands anywhere is view on reel 5, the diner tickets down the right side of the reels will fall away with the number of tickets determined by the number displayed on the scatter symbol. Reaching various levels up the ladder on the right increases the free spin multiplier. The bonus ends once all tickets have fallen down. Dibble Free Spins Triggered by revealing the Dibble Free Spins Bonus from the Master Plan Bonus. After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary set of reels that will be set in a rainy street. During this bonus round a special wild symbol is active on all 5 reels. When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a different position. In addition to the wilds roaming around the reels, now when two wild symbols ‘collide’ on the same position the special wild symbol shall expand to cover the entire reel. This continues until all the Free Spins have played out at which point the accumulated bonus winnings are paid to the player. Dibble Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered during Dibble Free Spins. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game, the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game (except for Construction Site Wilds Bonus). The player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from left to right, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will have the words PRESS TO COLLECT over the gamble wheel, with PRESS TO GAMBLE shown on the feature gamble the player can select. If the player gambles and win, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reached the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player loses in Gamble – where they are then awarded a Booby Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet. 5x-30xbet). Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The above rules may be modified at the licensee’s discretion. Last modification date: 3/21/2023