Chilli Picante Megaways Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (or any Chilli symbol) starting from the left on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols (on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 only). The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. During Free Spins the Hombre Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where an hombre symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Chilli symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 4 Hombre symbols will award additional free spins, multiply the values of the cashpots and award a win multiplier for the Hombre Cash collection symbol: Upgrade 1: 10 additional spins with the Hombre Scatter collection and the Flaming Hot Cashpots multiplied by 2. Upgrade 2: 10 additional spins with the Hombre Scatter collection and the Flaming Hot Cashpots multiplied by 3. Upgrade 3: 10 additional spins with the Hombre Scatter collection and the Flaming Hot Cashpots multiplied by 5. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. Flaming Hot Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Flaming Hot Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game. Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins. Flaming Hot Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 3/28/2023