Bigger Catch Bass Fishing Jackpot Royale Express Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. The Fisherman substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus Scatter symbol. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Bonus Games. During Bonus Games all Fisherman symbols landing on the reels award the cash prize for each Fish symbol in view. 4 or more Thunder Spins Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Thunder Spins Bonus. During Thunder Spins all cash prize symbols in view after the final spin are collected. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. All wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols during Bonus Games. The Wild symbol is only active during Features. Thunder Spins Achieving 4 or more Thunder Spins Scatter symbols anywhere in view awards the Thunder Spins Bonus. At the start of Thunder Spins, the triggering Thunder Spin Scatter symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin using special Thunder Spins reels which only contain Cash, Fisherman or Pip symbols. Any Cash or Fisherman symbol landing in view will lock in place and reset the remaining spins to 3. Landing a Cash Symbol will award the prize shown. Landing a Fisherman Symbol will collect all cash values in view. Landing a Golden Fisherman Symbol will multiply all cash values collected by up to x5. Fill every position with Cash or Fishermen Symbols and be awarded a multiplier of x2 on the overall total winnings collected. Pip Symbols have no value. Landing only pip symbols 3 times in a row will end the Thunder Spins feature. Thunder Spins is unavailable during Bonus Games. Bonus Games Achieving 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. During Bonus Games the Fisherman symbols have become active. If a Standard Fisherman symbol lands in view, the prizes are awarded for each Cash symbol that also lands in view. If a Golden Fisherman symbol lands in view (along with CASH symbols), the player will be awarded a Golden Multiplier (up to x5) before the prizes are awarded for each Cash symbol that also lands in view. Once the prizes are collected, they will be multiplied by the Golden Multiplier. Everytime a Fisherman lands in view, he will add to the trail. Collecting 4 Fishermen will upgrade the lowest CASH symbols and award 5 additional free games. Collecting 8 Fishermen will upgrade the lowest CASH symbols further and award 5 additional free games. Collecting 12 Fishermen will upgrade the lowest CASH symbols to the maximum level and award 5 additional free games. Once upgrading all fish to the largest fish no more additional games will be awarded Bonus Games continue until all Bonus Games are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Catch of the Day During any Bonus Spin with a Fisherman symbol in view there is a chance that random reel positions are transformed into CASH symbols. Reelin' Respin During any Bonus Spin with a Fisherman symbol in view there is a chance that all in-view CASH and/or Wild symbols will hold in place and the reels will re-spin, then, if 1 or more additional CASH symbols land in view another re-spin will occur. Reelin' Respin continues until no new CASH or Wild symbols land in view. Auto Play(subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Bonus Games are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). Line wins aren't paid during Thunder Spins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/5/2025