Deal or No Deal Bankers Bonanza Deal Or No Deal™ Banker's Bonanza Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'PLAY' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If 8 or more matching symbols appear in view, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery Symbol cannot reveal the bonus or multiplier symbols. Deal or no Deal 6 or more consecutive winning cascades awards the Deal Or No Deal bonus. After a short screen transition the player will be presented with the Deal Or No Deal Studio, with different awards depending on the level of Deal or no Deal triggered. Deal or no Deal - cash and free spin prizes; Super Deal or no Deal - less cash prizes but with more free spin prizes; Mega Deal Or No Deal - contains only free spins prizes. Choose your lucky case then play a real game of Deal or No Deal against the banker. At the end of every round he will make you an offer and it is up to you to Deal or No Deal? If at any point the Deal is taken, there is a chance the Banker can award you Banker's Bonus Spins in addition to the cash offer. These are Free Falls played out after the Deal or no Deal feature. Free Falls During Free Falls the Multiplier symbol will become active. During Free Falls if a Multiplier symbol appears in view during a win cascade it awards a multiplier from x2-x100. Once no more winning cascades are achieved the values of all Multiplier symbols in view are added together which multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Falls will be used for the Free Falls duration. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view during Free Falls awards 5 additional Free Falls. At the end of Free Falls, the total winnings for the Free Falls will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 4/25/2023