7s Fire Blitz Hotstepper Megaways Game Rules And Help Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 3 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 125 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Cash Collect Achieving Cash or Cashpot symbols on either reels 1 or 3 with a Cash Collect symbol on reel 2 will trigger the Collect feature. The Cash and Cashpot symbols are active on reels 1 and 3. The Cash Collect symbol is active on reel 2. Any Cash and Cashpot symbols will be accumulated on the Collect symbol. Landing any Cashpot symbols with a Cash Collect symbol (Mini, Minor, Major and Grand) in view will award that pot value. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-25x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-150x, GRAND-1000x base stake. Cashpots are only paid when being collected by the Collect symbol. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same game. Hotstepper Hotstepper is triggered whenever a Cash Collect symbol lands on reel 2. Once triggered the Cash Collect symbol will step one position down from it's current position on the next spin. The symbol height on the reel will remain locked at the same height as the spin where the Collect landed in view until it steps off the reels, where the centre reel will then spin as normal. Fire Blitz Bonus Achieving Cash or Cashpot Symbols on both reels 1 and 3 with a Cash Collect symbol on reel 2 triggers the Fire Blitz Bonus. The Cash Collect symbol will hold in place for the duration of the feature and will collect any Cash or Cashpot symbols that land in view. The player will have 3 Spins to achieve a new symbol in view. Each time a Cash or Cashpot symbol lands in view, it is added to any Cash Collect symbols in view before being removed from the reels and resetting the Spins back to 3. Additional Cash Collect symbols can land in view on reel 2 (up to a maximum of 5). The Fire Blitz Bonus continues until all Spins have been used, where the player is paid the total accumulated on all Cash Collect symbols in view. The Fire Blitz Bonus is played on the same number of ways as the triggering game. Gold Strike Feature Any Cash, Cashpot and Collect symbols that land in view are added to the logo, giving the chance to award the Gold Strike feature. If the Gold Strike feature is triggered, Cash, Cashpot and Collect symbols are added to the reels or the current values are upgraded, which guarantee the Fire Blitz Bonus to be activated. Power Play The player can choose to play POWER PLAY at any time by pressing the POWER PLAY button. The player can choose to play at 5x their Base Stake. During POWER PLAY only the Cash, Cash Collect and Cashpot symbols are in play. Hotstepper is also active during POWER PLAY. The player can change their Power Stake at any time by pressing the stake button, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different win ways are added. All pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest win is paid on each way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Any Cash Collect symbols in view are held over separately for each stake. The Fire Blitz Bonus is played on the same bet as the triggering game. The collection feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes. Available Cash symbols range from 1x to 1000x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Month/Day/Year:03/11/2025v4.0 Last modification date: 7/2/2025