Peaky Blinders Jackpot Royale Peaky Blinders™ Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 2 Bonus Scatter symbols in view on reels 1 and 3 with a special bonus symbol on reel 5 awards one of three Free Spins Bonus Features. 6 or more MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Thunder Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Bonus Scatter The BONUS Scatter Symbol can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. BONUS Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 2 Bonus Scatter symbols in view on reels 1 and 3 with a special bonus symbol on reel 5 awards one of three Free Spins Features. Arthur Free Spins The player is awarded 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins the lowest paying symbols Jack-Ace are removed from the reels. 3 or more bonus symbols in view awards 5 extra Free Spins. 6 or more MONEY Scatter symbols in view activates Thunder Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Polly Free Spins The player is awarded 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins 3 or more adjacent reels will be highlighted and award the same symbol outcomes on each reel. 3 or more bonus symbols in view awards 5 extra Free Spins. 6 or more MONEY Scatter symbols in view activates Thunder Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Tommy Free Spins The player is awarded 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins, any 3 adjacent reels will change to form a 3x3 colossal reel each spin. A colossal bonus symbol in view awards 5 extra Free Spins. 6 or more MONEY Scatter symbols in view activates Thunder Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Money Scatter MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. MONEY Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 6 or more MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Thunder Spins. Thunder Spins At the start of Thunder Spins the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin using special Thunder Spins reels which only contain MONEY Scatter Symbols or blank symbols. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Blank Symbols have no value. Landing only blank symbols 3 times in a row will end Thunder Spins. At the end of Thunder Spins, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Landing any CASHPOT MONEY SYMBOL (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value. Fill every window position during Thunder Spins to be awarded the GRAND pot. Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different pay-lines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game. MONEY symbols display the following x base bet wins: Thunder Spins:1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 24x, 30x, 100x, 500x, 5000x. Thunder Spins during Free Spins:1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 30x, 100x, 5000x. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 2/14/2024