Bankin' More Bacon Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How to Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Scatter symbols in view in the main game will trigger the Piggy Free Spins. The Piggy Collect symbols landing on the reels during the Piggy Free Spins will award extra Free Spins and Cash symbol multipliers. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding Scatter, Cash and Piggy Collect symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Piggy Collect When initially entering the game, the Piggy Collect symbol can appear only on reel 6 until any further upgrades. A Piggy Collect symbol appearing in view together with one or more Cash symbols during any spin, triggers the Piggy Collect feature. In the feature, the Piggy Collect symbol expands to cover the entire reel and collects the values shown on the Cash Symbols after any initial wins are evaluated. The corresponding cash prizes are awarded in addition to any win ways. Landing any Cashpot money symbols (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) with a Piggy Collect symbol in view awards the corresponding pot value (20xBet, 200xBet, or 2500xBet respectively). There are 4 upgrade levels in the Piggy Collect feature in the main game: Dual Collect: once a Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the possibility to land a Piggy Collect symbol on reel 1 is unlocked. Lock & Spin: once a Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols again, the Lock & Spin Piggy Collect symbol is unlocked on reels 1 and 6. If you land it, the Cash symbols that activated the feature will be held in position while active reels re-spin. This will continue until no new Cash symbols land in view. Cash Boost: once a Lock & Spin Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Cash Boost Piggy Collect symbol is unlocked on reels 1 and 6. If you land it, each Cash symbol in view will be boosted by up to 5xBet before it is collected. Golden Safe: once a Cash Boost Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Golden Safe symbol is unlocked. On any spin where any of the Piggy Collect symbols collect a win, if a Golden Safe symbol is in view, it accumulates the values of all Cash symbols in view before being collected along with them by the Piggy Collect symbols. Any unlocked Piggy Collect symbols remain active in the main game and Piggy Free Spins from that point onwards. Piggy Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere in view award the Piggy Free Spins and cash prizes as follows: 3 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 20xBet 5 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 100xBet 6 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 500xBet During the Piggy Free Spins, accumulating Piggy Collect symbols awards additional Free Spins and Cash symbol multipliers as follows: 3 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Free Spins + x2 multiplier 6 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Free Spins + x3 multiplier 9 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Free Spins + x5 multiplier 12 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Free Spins + x10 multiplier The awarded multipliers will be applied to the Cash symbols during the Collect feature. The Piggy Free Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. Free Spins continue until all Free Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. All winning combinations are added together. All wins are paid in accordance with the Paytable. Cash symbols display the following x base bet wins: 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. During gameplay icons will be used in the game user interface as follows: Displays the Total Bet Last modification date: 9/25/2024