Blackjack Player's Choice Player Instructions Step 1: Getting Started The game is played with 6 decks of 52 cards, shuffled after each full hand round. Select and confirm 2 side bets from 6 available side bets on screen. Side bets can be changed after confirming. Choose your stake from the selection of Blackjack chips in the centre of the screen. You can choose to play up to three hands at a time. To place a bet, touch the bet area for each of the hands or side bets that you want to play. Once your bets are placed press Deal to start the game. Step 2: How To Play You may choose different stakes for each of your bets - just select a new chip value or place multiple chips on each bet area. The total amount you have staked will be displayed in the 'Total Bet' panel. Press 'Undo' to remove chips placed in reverse order. Press 'Clear' to remove all chips from the table. Press 'Deal' to start the game. Once you have pressed 'Deal', you cannot cancel your bets. Once you press 'Deal', two cards will be dealt for each hand that you are playing. If you have bet on more than one hand, the hands will be dealt from the right of the screen. Then the dealer's first card will be dealt face up. Peek (depending on game configuration) - If the dealer has a 10 or Ace up, the dealer will peek at the down card to see if their cards give blackjack. If so, every hand which doesn't have blackjack loses. Any hand dealt a blackjack gets a 'PUSH'. Once each hand has been dealt two cards, you will be given the option to Hit (receive an extra card from the pack) or Stand (keep your existing hand as it is) for each hand in turn. If you have Blackjack or 21, you will not be prompted to Hit or Stand. As this is the best hand you can get, the game will automatically move on to the next hand. Surrender (depending on game configuration) - After the dealer has checked for Blackjack the player can choose to forfeit their hand at the cost of half their ante bet. If you choose to Hit, as long as your new score is lower than 21, you will be given the choice to Hit again or Stand, until you either reach 21 (where the game will automatically stand for you) or until you go 'Bust' by scoring over 21. When you Stand or go bust, the hand is finished and the game will move on to the next hand and repeat this process until all hands are played. Next, the dealer's hand will be played. The dealer must Hit on any score 16 or below and must Stand on 17 or higher (including 'Soft 17', made up of a 6 and an Ace). Push If the player and dealer stand on the same value, at the end of the round that hand will be Pushed. A Push is considered a draw and returns that Hand Bet to the player. Double Down During any hand you will be offered the chance to 'Double Down'. To do so, just press the 'Double Down' button when it appears (with the exception of split aces). If you choose to Double Down, your stake for the current hand will be doubled, then you will be dealt one extra card and forced to Stand. If you Split your hand you will still be offered the choice to Double Down (unless you had split aces). Split If your initial two cards are of matching value, you will be offered the chance to split your hand. To do this, press the 'Split' button when it appears. If you choose to Split a hand, you must wager again the bet for that hand. You cannot be awarded Blackjack after splitting, this is counted as 21. Only two splits are available from any one hand. You can split Aces but you will only be dealt one card for each split. Insurance If the Dealer's first card is an Ace, you will be offered the option to make an Insurance bet. The stake amount for an Insurance bet is fixed at half of the original stake on each hand for which you take Insurance. An Insurance bet is a completely separate bet and is not dependent on the outcome of the player's hands. The bet is whether or not the Dealer will get Blackjack. You can choose to place an Insurance bet on any or all (or none) of the hands you are playing. When this happens, you will be given the following options: Yes' or 'No' (applies only to the current hand). "Yes to All" or "No to All" (applies to all hands)."Never Offer" (stops the pop up from returning for the remainder of the session). If the dealer does get Blackjack, you will win the Insurance bet regardless of who wins the game, even if you go bust. If the dealer does not get Blackjack, you lose the Insurance bet and the stake is removed from the table. Your original bet stands until you go bust or win. Surrender (depending on game configuration) During any hand you will be offered the chance to 'Surrender'. To do so, just press the 'Surrender' button when it appears. If you choose to Surrender, your current hand will be considered closed and you will be paid half of your ante bet. The surrender option is only available on each hand until an action is made. Once an action has been made the surrender option will become disabled for that hand. Side Bets All side bets must be made prior to any cards being dealt. Perfect Pairs This side bet can be played without a standard bet being placed. The Perfect Pairs bet is based on the players first two cards. Hands are ranked in the following order: Perfect Pair - An identical pair of cards (pays at 30:1); Coloured pair - A pair that is made up of 2 same cards of the same colour but are of different suits (pays at 10:1) ; Mixed pair - A pair that is made up of 1 red suited card and 1 black suited card (pays at 5:1); After all initial cards have been dealt to both players and dealer, the dealer must take all losing Perfect Pairs wagers and make a payout to each player who has a winning Perfect Pairs wager. A player will only be awarded for one winning event, although their hand may contain more than 1 winning event (the highest winning event will be paid). The dealer then resumes normal play. 21+3 This side bet can be played without a standard bet being placed. The 21+3 bet is based on the players first two cards and the dealers face up card. Hands are ranked in the following order: Suited Three of a Kind - Three cards of the same rank and the same suit (pays at 100:1); Straight Flush - Three cards of the same suit in numerical order (pays at 40:1); Three of a Kind - Three cards of the same rank (pays at 25:1); Straight - Three cards in sequence (pays at 10:1); Flush - Three cards of the same suit (pays at 5:1); Note - A Flush may also contain a Pair. Aces can be high or low (e.g. Ace, 2, 3 or Queen, King, Ace). After all initial cards have been dealt to both players and dealer, the dealer must take all losing 21+3 wagers and make a payout to each player who has a winning 21+3 wager. A player will only be awarded for one winning event, although their hand may contain more than 1 winning event (the highest winning event will be paid). The dealer then resumes normal play. Lucky Ladies This side bet can be played without a standard bet being placed. The Lucky Ladies bet is based on the players first two cards. Hands are ranked in the following order: Queen of Hearts Pair - Two Queen of Hearts dealt (pays at 100:1) ; Matched 20 - A combined total value of 20 and are the same suit and rank (pays at 30:1); Suited 20 - A combined total value of 20 and are both the same suit (pays at 10:1) ; Any 20 - A combined total value of 20 (pays at 3:1); Any Queen - Either card dealt is a Queen (pays at 1:1); After all initial cards have been dealt to both players and dealer, the dealer must take all losing Lucky Ladies wagers and make a payout to each player who has a winning Lucky Ladies wager. A player will only be awarded for one winning event, although their hand may contain more than 1 winning event (the highest winning event will be paid). The dealer then resumes normal play. Suit 'Em Up This side bet can be played without a standard bet being placed. The Suit 'Em Up bet is based on the players first two cards. Hands are ranked in the following order: Suited Aces - An identical pair of Aces (pays at 60:1); Suited Blackjack - Two cards of the same suit achieving Blackjack (pays at 10:1) ; Suited Pair- An identical pair of cards (excluding Aces) (pays at 5:1); Suited Eleven - Two cards totalling eleven of the same suit (pays at 3:1); Any Suited - Any two cards of the same suit (pays at 2:1); After all initial cards have been dealt to both players and dealer, the dealer must take all losing Suit 'Em Up wagers and make a payout to each player who has a winning Suit 'Em Up wager. A player will only be awarded for one winning event, although their hand may contain more than 1 winning event (the highest winning event will be paid). The dealer then resumes normal play. Lucky Lucky This side bet can be played without a standard bet being placed. The Lucky Lucky bet is based on the players first two cards and the dealers face up card. Hands are ranked in the following order: Suited 777- Three identical 7 cards (pays at 200:1); Suited 678 - Three cards showing 6, 7 and 8 in the same suit (pays at 100:1); 777- Three cards showing 7 (pays at 50:1); 678- Three cards showing 6, 7 and 8 (pays at 30:1); Suited 21- Three cards totalling 21 in the same suit (pays at 10:1); 21 Total - Three cards totalling 21 (pays at 3:1); 20 Total- Three cards totalling 20 (pays at 2:1); 19 Total- Three cards totalling 19 (pays at 2:1); After all initial cards have been dealt to both players and dealer, the dealer must take all losing Lucky Lucky wagers and make a payout to each player who has a winning Lucky Lucky wager. A player will only be awarded for one winning event, although their hand may contain more than 1 winning event (the highest winning event will be paid). The dealer then resumes normal play. Buster Blackjack This side bet can not be played without a standard bet being placed. Buster Blackjack is based on the Dealer's hand and only wins if the dealer goes BUST (exceeds 21). Hands are ranked in the following order: 8+ Cards with players Blackjack - The dealer busts in 8 or more cards with the player achieving Blackjack (pays at 2,000:1); 7 Cards with players Blackjack- The dealer busts in 7 cards with the player achieving Blackjack (pays at 800:1); 8+ Cards- The dealer busts in 8 or more cards (pays at 250:1); 7 Cards- The dealer busts in 7 cards (pays at 50:1); 6 Cards- The dealer busts in 6 cards (pays at 18:1); 5 Cards- The dealer busts in 5 cards (pays at 4:1); 3 or 4 Cards- The dealer busts in 3 or 4 cards. (pays at 2:1); After all hands have been played, the dealer will then deal to themselves until reaching 17 and higher or going BUST. If the dealer does not BUST, then all Buster Blackjack sidebets will be taken. If the Dealer does BUST, then the Dealer will make a payout to each player who has a winning Buster Blackjack wager. In the event any/all players hands BUST, the dealer would still play out their hand. A player will only be awarded for one winning event, although their hand may contain more than 1 winning event (the highest winning event will be paid). The game will then come to an end. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 12/6/2023