Fruitopolis Fortune Play Fruitopolis Fortune Play Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 1 or more MONEY Scatter Symbol in view awards Money Spins. Fortune Play The player can choose to play FORTUNE PLAY at any time by pressing the FORTUNE PLAY button. They can choose to play at 20x their Total Bet. This activates additional reel sets and a special Mystery Star symbol which can transfer to other reel sets. The player can change their Fortune Bet at the end of each spin, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. MONEY Scatter MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. MONEY Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. Money Spins At the start of Money Spins the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin inidually with only MONEY Scatter Symbols being active. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Landing in no MONEY Scatter Symbols 3 times in a row, or filling every position with MONEY Scatter Symbols will end Money Spins. At the end of Money Spins, the player is awarded the value of the MONEY symbols displayed in view. Available MONEY symbol outcomes are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 11x, 12x, 13x, 14x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 70x, 80x, 90x, 100x (Total Bet). Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/24/2023