Jungle Bonanza Jungle Bonanza™ Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel), then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Reel Wins All wins across all different win ways are added together to form the total win. All pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels from left to right (4,096 ways to win always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each way. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. The Wild Symbol can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Wild Respin Wild Respin is randomly triggered on any winning spin with a substituting Wild Symbol. All winning symbols will lock in place and all non-winning symbols will be respun. During every respin, the wild symbol will become an increasing multiplier and increase by x1 for every respin. The Wild Respin continues until wins are no longer improved. Bonus Trigger 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 3 Bonus Scatters = 10 Free Spins 4 Bonus Scatters = 15 Free Spins 5 Bonus Scatters = 20 Free Spins 6 Bonus Scatters = 30 Free Spins Free Spins During Free Spins any reel, where a Wild Symbol lands in view, will increase the multiplier above that reel (e.g.Wild Symbol lands on reel 3, the multiplier above reel 3 will increase by 1). When a win is awarded with a substituting Wild Symbol, the Wild Symbol will become a multiplier. The multiplier will be determined by the value shown above the reel. The Wild multiplier is an unlimited multiplier. During Free Spins 3 or more Bonus Scatters will award extra Free Spins: 3 Free Spins Scatters = 10 Extra Free Spins 4 Free Spins Scatters = 15 Extra Free Spins 5 Free Spins Scatters = 20 Extra Free Spins 6 Free Spins Scatters = 30 Extra Free Spins Bonus Buy (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) The Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game. Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins. The Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Wins on different ways are added. All win pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels from left to right adjacent reels (4,096 ways to pay always active). Only the highest win is paid on each way. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Last modification date: 9/5/2023