Masters of Atlantis Masters of Atlantis™ Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The symbols will be removed and new symbols will cascade onto the reels. If 8 or more matching symbols appear in view, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Rising Multipliers Rising multipliers are active during the base game. During any spin the Rising Multiplier can be triggered, once triggered a Multiplier will float up to a random position on the reels. Rising Multiplier symbol appearing in view during a win cascade will award a multiplier from x2-x100. Once no more winning cascades are achieved the values of all Multiplier symbols in view are added together which multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. Once all wins are processed the Rising Multiplier symbol will step up one position above its current position. Free Spins 4 or more Bonus Symbols in view awards Free Spins. During Free Spins the Rising Multiplier can rise up to x500. During Free Spins the Rising Multiplier symbol increases with every step. Once no more winning cascades are achieved the values of all Multiplier symbols in view are added together which multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view during Free Spins award additional Free Spins. Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the player can choose from 2 options. Buy Free Spins, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating free spins. Free Spins, costs x100 bet. Buy Ultimate Rise, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating free spins. Only the enhanced multiplier values are in play during Ultimate Rise. Ultimate Rise, costs x350 bet. Extra Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Extra Bet can be activated during the Base Game. While active the chance of triggering a bonus is increased. The Extra Bet is played at the cost of an additional 0.25x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency may vary depending on number of games played. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/3/2024