Cop the Lot Megaways Power Play Game Rules and Information Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your awards will be credited to your account balance. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding Bonus Scatter, Collect, Cash Prize and Safecracker symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Modifiers These can be triggered randomly during any spin, awarding one of the following modifiers: Robber Reset - Symbols are removed from the reels and new symbols drop in to award a win. Bonus Boost - Additional Bonus symbols will be added to the reels. Lotta Loot! - Dynamites are thrown onto the reels, upgrading symbols to the top symbol and/or wild symbols. Secret Swag - Whilst the reels spin, a cash bag can drop down on all 6 reels in a random order. After each strike, the reel hit can be turned into a reel consisting of just Cash prize symbols. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-20x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-200x, MEGA-1000x base stake. Cashpots are only paid when being collected by the Collect symbol. Multiple Cashpots can be won on the same game. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the Collect symbol is active. During any spin where a Cash Prize symbol lands in view on reels 1-6, if a Collect symbol lands in view on reel 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Collect symbol will expand to cover the 6th reel and collect the cash values shown on the Cash Prize symbols. Any Collect symbols that land in view increment the unlock trail. Reach a special Icon on the unlock trail to activate a new part of the game. 2 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks DUAL COLLECT in the main game and Cop the Lot Bonus Spins, making any COLLECT symbols active on reels 1 and 6. 5 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks SMASH N GRAB COLLECT in the main game and Cop the Lot Bonus Spins. SMASH N GRAB COLLECT will hold any Cash Prize symbols in view before the reels start to respin. Any new Cash Prize symbols that land in view will be held and another respin will occur. The reels keep respinning until the win is no longer improved and then all Cash is collected by the SMASH N GRAB Collect. 8 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks CASH SPREE COLLECT in the main game and Cop the Lot Bonus Spins. CASH SPREE COLLECT will boost all Cash values in view by up to 5x base stake before collecting each Cash Prize symbol. 12 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks MULTI-X COLLECT in the main game and Cop the Lot Bonus Spins. MULTI-X COLLECT will collect any Cash Prize symbols in view up to 5 times. 17 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks SAFECRACKER in the main game and Cop the Lot Bonus Spins. If any COLLECT symbol lands in view along with the SAFECRACKER symbol, a safe door wheel will appear and spin in either a cashpot or a mystery win prize (the mystery win prize is based on a multiplier of the player's base stake ranging from 5x-10x). The outcome is then awarded to the player along with any other collection awards in view. 20 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks BANK BLITZ SUPER SPIN. When all unlocks have been achieved, they remain active in the main game and Cop the Lot Bonus Spins from that point onwards. Bonus 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger bonus. Choose either Cop The Lot Bonus Spins or Bank Blitz Super Spin. Bank Blitz Super Spin is only available when reaching the end of the unlock trail. Cop The Lot Bonus Spins COP THE LOT BONUS SPINS ARE ALWAYS TRIGGERED WITH 10 SPINS During Cop The Lot Bonus Spins any unlocked symbols remain active. On any spin where a Collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Cash Prize symbol that also lands in view. Collecting any 3 Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Collects. Collecting any 6 Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Collects. Collecting any 9 Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Collects. Collecting any 12 Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Collects. Cop The Lot Bonus Spins continue until all spins are used and the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bank Blitz Super Spin Bank Blitz Super Spin is always triggered with 1 spin, and the player must collect enough symbols to get additional spins. The Bank Blitz Super Spin feature is played at the maximum reel size of 6x5. During Bank Blitz Super Spin, only Collect, Cash Prize and Safecracker symbols are active on the reels with a Collect symbol guaranteed to land in view on each spin. Each time a Cash Prize or Safecracker symbol lands in view, it will add to the Retrigger Trail. On the initial Super Spin, collecting 13 Cash Prize or Safecracker symbols will award the Pick a Escape option. On the 1st retrigger, collecting 14 Cash Prize or Safecracker symbols will award the Pick a Escape option. On any future retriggers, collecting 15 Cash Prize or Safecracker symbols will award the Pick a Escape option. Pick a Escape will award an extra super spin and a multiplier up to x10 Bank Blitz Super Spins continue until the retrigger trail isn't completed and the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Power Play The player can choose to play POWER PLAY at any time by pressing the POWER PLAY button. The player can choose to play at 5x their Base Stake. During POWER PLAY only Cash Prize, Safecracker, Collect and Bonus Scatter symbols are in play. If the Bonus is triggered during POWER PLAY, only Cash prize, Safecracker and Collect symbols are active. The player can change their Stake at any time by pressing the stake button, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Win Limit, Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Win frequency, volatility and level progression may vary depending on the number of games played Wins on different win ways are added. All pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest win is paid on each way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Available Cash symbols range from 0.5x to 15x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP: 94% Last modification date: 1/27/2026