Kong 3 Even Bigger Bonus Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms matching symbols starting from the left-most reel on any of the ways, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol The wild symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding cash collect, scatter and cash prize symbols. Wilds can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the Kong COLLECT symbol is active. During any spin where a Cash Prize symbol lands in view, if a Kong COLLECT symbol has also landed in view on reels 1 and/or 6, the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Kong symbol will expand to cover the 1st and/or 6th reel and collect the cash values shown on the Cash Prize symbols. Any COLLECT symbols that land in view increment the unlock trail. New features will be unlocked as you progress. 2 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks WIN STREAK in the main game and Kong Bonus spins, WIN STREAK will hold any Cash Prize symbols in view before the reels start to respin. Any new Cash Prize symbols that land in view will be held and another respin will occur. The reels keep respinning until the win is no longer improved and then all Cash is collected by the WIN STREAK. 5 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks WIN STEPPER in the main game and Kong Bonus spins. WIN STEPPER will select any initiating Cash Prize symbols and step them up or down, filling the whole reel with Cash Prize values. 8 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks WIN BLAST in the main game and Kong Bonus spins. WIN BLAST will collect any initiating cash prize symbols before blowing up the reels so new symbols can cascade into play (up to 4 times). Any new cash prize symbols will be collected. 12 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks TREASURE WHEEL. If a Treasure Wheel symbol lands in view with a collect symbol on reels 1 and/or 6, the main reels will turn into a Treasure Wheel that spins and awards either a Mystery Win (awards a random Cash prize Value ranging from 5 – 10 x Total bet in the base game, and from 5 - 15 x Total Bet in the bonus games, or one of the fixed cashpots: Mini , Minor, Major, Mega) 16 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks the TREASURE BLITZ pot in the main game and Kong Bonus spins. 20 COLLECT symbols completes the trail and unlocks The Even Bigger Bonus When all four Kong collect symbols, Treasure Wheel, and Treasure Blitz Pot have been unlocked, they remain active in the main game and Bonus spins from that point onwards. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-20x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-200x, MEGA-1000x base stake. Cashpots are only paid when being collected by the Collect symbol. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same game. KONG Bonus Spins 3 or more Bonus symbols in view will trigger Kong Bonus Spins. 3 or more Bonus symbols in view awards 10 Bonus Spins. During Kong Bonus Spins any unlocked Kong collect Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a Kong collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Cash Prize symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 3 Kong Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols Kong collects. Collecting 6 Kong Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols Kong collects. Collecting 9 Kong Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols Kong collects. Collecting 12 Kong Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols Kong collects. Kong Bonus Spins continue until all Bonus Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Kong Treasure Blitz Once unlocked, on any spin where a cash prize symbol hasn't been collected, they will be added to the Treasure Blitz Pot. If the Treasure pot triggers the player may then pick a treasure to reveal a prize Possible prizes include: BONUS BOOST – Whilst the reels spin, additional Bonus symbols are added to the reels. At least 3 bonus symbols are guaranteed to hit. KONG WIN SPIN – Several of the Kong top paying symbols (including wild symbols) are added to the reels, which guarantees a win. HIDDEN TREASURE – Whilst the reels spin, a stone pillar can drop down on all 6 reels in a random order. After each strike, the reel hit can be turned into a reel consisting of just Cash prize symbols. At least one collect symbol is guaranteed to land on reel 1 and/or 6. SUPER COLLECT – Collects all cash prize symbols on the reels, paying the combined value of the symbols in view. KONG STRIKE– Adds a Collect symbol to either reel 1, reel 6 or to both reels- depending on the types of Collect symbols active (excluding Collect Win Streak and Collect Win Stepper symbols), guaranteeing a cash collect win. It can also add cash prize symbols and Treasure Wheel symbols. TREASURE WHEEL – the main reels will turn into a Treasure Wheel that spins and awards either a Mystery Win (values ranging from X5-x10 in the base game and X5-X15 in the bonus games) or one of the fixed cashpots + Kong Spins – Up to 5 additional Kong Bonus Spins can be awarded. (Additional spins can only be awarded in the Kong Bonus Spins and Even Bigger Bonus). EVEN BIGGER BONUS once unlocked, 3 or more bonus symbols in view triggers the even bigger bonus, awarding 10 bonus spins Once triggered the player may pick up to 5 Kong idols to reveal an upgrade prior to bonus entry. Possible upgrades are (Except for Banana Boost each upgrade can only be revealed once.): Banana Boost – increase the value of the lowest paying cash prize symbols on the reels. This would be a minimum of x1/x2/x3/x4/x5 total bet (max. of 5 kong upgrade reveals). +Spins - Up to 5 additional bonus spins will be awarded. Cash Attack – All symbols except cash prize and collects are removed from the bonus spins. +Banana – adds more bananas (Cash prize Symbols) to the reels. Trail Boost – The multipliers on the trail will be boosted to X3, X4, X6, X15 +Collect – adds additional active Collect symbols to the reels. +Wheel – adds additional wheel bonus symbols to the reels. Start Even Bigger Bonus Spins – Starts the Bonus Games. on any spin where a collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each cash prize symbol that also lands in view During Bonus spins, any unlocked kong collect scatter symbols remain active. on any spin where a kong collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each banana cash symbol that also lands in view. Collecting kong collect symbols awards additional spins and cash collect multipliers. Even Bigger Bonus continues until all Bonus Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. AutoPlay (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you reach the set Loss Limit, Win Limit, or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Win frequency, volatility and level progression may vary depending on the number of games played. Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Kong Bonus Spins and Even Bigger Bonus are played on the same number of ways and total bet as the triggering game. Available Cash symbols range from 0.5x to 15x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). The collection feature in the game is for visual purposes only and does not influence games outcomes (Treasure Blitz). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP:94% Last modification date: 10/28/2025