Wish Upon A Leprechaun Jackpot Royale Lucky Charms Bonus During any game, there is a chance of the Lucky Charms Bonus being triggered. This can award one of the following: Infectious Wilds - Wilds can overlay the reels, turning positions wild. After any wins, the reels can respin, holding any wilds in position. They Think It's All Clover - Any of the reels can be turned into a reel stacked full of wilds. Colossal Spin - As the reels continue to spin, any 3 adjacent reels can be turned into a Colossal Reel. Spin Streak - If the reels stop with a winning combination, the reels can respin, holding the trigger symbols in position. This will continue until the win is not improved. Bonus Boost -Additional Bonus symbols can be added to the reels. Win Spin — Guaranteed to award a big winning spin. Bonus Activation 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards the Pots 0' Luck Bonus. There are 5 bonus rounds which are triggered from the Pots' 0 Luck Bonus. The player will pick one of the Pots, which will reveal the bonus that has been awarded. Chests o' Plenty The feature consists of 16 chests along with a list of outcomes down the left and right sides of the screen. Choose a chest before other chests are revealed, eliminating some of the values. Once a certain number of chests are eliminated, a cash offer will be made. TAKE IT and end the feature with the amount offered, or LEAVE IT and eliminate more chests to try and win a bigger prize. Play until an offer is taken or you reach the end and are awarded a final prize. Nags T Riches Spin the Lucky Reel to advance around the board increasing the total bet multiplier. The Lucky Reel can reveal one of the following outcomes: Advance 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 - Move around the track by the corresponding number of positions. Collect - Ends the bonus and pays the current total bet multiplier. If the Trail Run is awarded, then you will move around the board automatically stopping on random positions. If the Mystery Win is awarded, then you will be awarded a mystery prize (a multiplier of the Total Bet ranging from 2x-15x Bet). If the Multiplier Add is awarded, then random positions around the board will increase. If the BIG MONEY is awarded, then you enter the Big Money race (detailed below). The feature continues until you land on Collect or enter the BIG MONEY Bonus. End o' The Rainbow Free Spins During any spin if a Special Scatter symbol appears in view on reel 5 the part of the rainbow is lit. Complete a level to turn a symbol wild. Free Spins continue until you reach the pot of gold, where you're awarded the value in the Bonus Winnings panel. End o' The Rainbow Free Spins are unlimited and cannot be retriggered. Clovers Rollover Free Spins Clovers Rollover Free Spins awards 10 Free Spins. During every spin, a large Clover Wild will spin separately down the screen as well as the reels, with a chance that all or part of the Clover Wild can land in view, turning reel positions wild. Clovers Rollover Free Spins cannot be retriggered during Clovers Rollover Free Spins. Big Money Bonus Choose a jockey and enter the Big Money Race. A prize is awarded based on the position you finish (a multiplier of total bet). Winlines Player Instructions Introduction Wish Upon A Leprechaun T.' is a 5-reel 20-line slot packed with Irish Charm! The game has 5 fantastic features as well as Jackpot Royale! Step 1: Getting Started 1. Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuratkm and currency equivalent). 2. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuratkm, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starling from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter s mbols an here on reels 1 3 and 5 awards the Pots 0. Luck Bonus Revealing Chests a Plenty during Pots 0' Luck awards the Chests a Plenty bonus. Revealing Nags r Riches during Pots 0' Lack awards the Nags T Riches bonus. Revealing End a The Rainbow during Pots 0' Luck awards the End 0' The Rainbow bonus. Revealing Clovers Rollover during Pots 0' Luck awards the Clovers Rollover bonus. Revealing Big Money during Pots 0' Luck awards the Big Money bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to forts the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line.Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: They Think Its All Clover Wilds, Infectious Wilds, Clovers Rollover Wilds, Colossal Wilds and Standard Wilds. Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT - ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which am funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) Them is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay bets you want to play. Auto Play will tum off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you mach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far-left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each fine. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game.Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term WildWild WildWild Big Win Big Win Huge Win Huge Win Epic Win Epic Win Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP.based on best strategy (leave all offers in Chests a Plenty Bonus). This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is: $250,000.00 / x50,000 total bet Game version: 1.6.1.12_Hotrix_9 Last modification date: 2/14/2023