TrailBlazer TrailBlazer™ Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger the Bonus Spins feature. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Bonus Feature 3 Scatter symbols in view on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards 8 Bonus Spins. During Bonus Spins, only the Wild symbol and the three top paying symbols are active. During Bonus Spins, every Wild symbol that lands in view will add one position to the Trail Blazer trail. Completing the TrailBlazer trail awards the following: Level 1 - collecting 7 Wild symbols awards 4 additional Spins and a x2 multiplier. Level 2 - collecting 7 Wild symbols awards 4 additional Spins and a x3 multiplier. Level 3 - collecting 7 Wild symbols awards 4 additional Spins and a x5 multiplier. Level 4 - collecting 7 Wild symbols awards 4 additional Spins and a x10 multiplier. At the end of Bonus Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Gamble(depending on Operator configuration) Available gamble option: Gamble 5x (Gamble Will be Triggered when achieving a win of five times your base stake or higher) Gamble On, Gamble Off. After any qualifiying win (excluding features), the player will have the choice to collect the win or gamble to try and win a bigger prize or bonus spins. If the player chooses to gamble they will be presented with two wheels. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the cash win, with the player able to adjust the chance of success/win value by pressing the - and + arrows. The right wheel offers the chance to win Bonus Spins, with the player able to adjust the chance of success/bonus spins value by pressing the - and + arrows. The player can press either of the Gamble buttons to try and win. Landing in the green section awards the corresponding win. Landing in the red section results in a losing spin with the player losing their winnings and returning to the base game. Pressing the Collect button during the feature collects the winnings. Gamble up to a maximum of 500x bet or 25 Bonus Spins. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (40 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Bonus Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (40 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Month/Day/Year:11/01/2024v3.0 Last modification date: 3/25/2025