Burning Suns INTRODUCTION Choose the classic: BURNING SUNS! Experience the fascination of this 5-reel-fruit-game and win up to 5,000 times bet per line with 5 STARS on a line! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (5 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 12/20/2022