Big Bill Frenzy Introduction Big Bill Frenzy™ is a 5x3 online slot featuring Free Spins and Thunder Spins. 6 or more Money Scatter symbols in view awards Thunder Spins and a chance to win the Jackpot! Step 1: Getting Started Click the 'TOTAL BET' button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How to Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 6 or more Money Scatter Symbols in view awards Thunder Spins. Wild Symbol Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Bonus Scatter and Money Scatter symbols to help form wins. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Bonus Scatter Symbol Bonus Scatter symbols can appear only on reels 1, 3, and 5. Bonus Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view trigger 5 Free Spins. Free Spins During Free Spins, reels 2, 3, and 4 turn into the 3x3 Colossal Reel. A Colossal Bonus Scatter symbol awards 3 extra Free Spins. A Colossal Money Scatter symbol activates Thunder Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Money Scatter Symbol Money Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. Money Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 6 or more Money Scatter Symbols in view award 3 Thunder Spins. Thunder Spins The Money Scatter symbols that triggered the Thunder Spins remain locked in their positions until the end of Thunder Spins. All other positions spin individually to land either more Money Scatter symbols with cash prizes or blank positions. A Money Scatter symbol appearing on the reels in Thunder Spins awards a corresponding cash prize and resets the number of remaining spins back to 3. Thunder Spins end when you land only blank positions 3 times in a row or when all positions on the reels are locked. At the end of Thunder Spins, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Landing any Cashpot Money symbol (Mini, Major, or Mega) will award the corresponding pot value. In the main game, locking every position during Thunder Spins awards a cash prize of 1000xBet plus the sum of all Money Scatter and Cashpot Money symbol values on the reels. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY', you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of Autoplay bets you want to play. Autoplay will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). You can stop Autoplay from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. 25 win lines are active in the main game and in Free Spins. All winning combinations are added together. All wins are paid in accordance with the Paytable. Money Scatter symbols display the following x base bet wins: Thunder Spins: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 24x, 30x, 100x, 500x. Thunder Spins during Free Spins: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 24x, 30x, 100x, 500x. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/12/2024