Rick and Morty Strike Back Jackpot Royale Express Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on any of the ways, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and displayed to the player. Wild Symbol Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters, Cash and Collect symbols. Cash Collect Collect symbols are active on reels 1 and 6. During any spin where a Cash symbol lands in view, if a Collect symbol lands in view on reels 1 or 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. Any Cash symbols will be accumulated on the Collect symbol. Modifiers During any spin, there is a chance the portal gun can appear and trigger the Portal Strike feature. Choose a portal to reveal a modifier outcome: Morty Moolah - adds 1 or more additional Cash symbols to the reels Bonus Blast - adds 1 or more additional bonus symbols to the reels Cosmic Cash - increases the value of all Cash symbols in view (boosts the cash values by up to 5xbet or increases all cash symbols to the highest value in view) Rick Repeat - any Cash symbols are held in position whilst active reels re-spin. This continues until no new Cash symbols land in view. Schwifty Add - all cash symbols in view are collected up to 5 times. Bonus 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger bonus. Choose either Rick C-137 Spins or Morty Spins. Once both features have been played once, Rick Prime Spins and Evil Morty Spins also become active as selectable options. Rick C-137 Spins 2 Bonus symbols awards 4 additional spins 3 Bonus symbols awards 8 additional spins 4 Bonus symbols awards 12 additional spins 5 Bonus symbols awards 20 additional spins 6 Bonus symbols awards 30 additional spins Rick C-137 Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Rick C-137 Spins are played automatically at the same bet and number of ways as the initiating game. Rick C-137 Spins awards a maximum of 4 upgrades per feature. Morty Spins During Morty Spins, only Cash and Collect symbols, as well as a special Morty Multiplier symbol (active on reels 2-5), are present on the reels. A Collect symbol land in view on every spin along with at least one Cash symbol, guaranteeing a win. Any Morty Multiplier symbols that land in view will reveal a win multiplier, which will multiply the win by the number revealed (multiplier ranges from x2 to x5). If more than 1 Morty Multiplier lands in view on the same spin, the values are added together before multiplying the win amount. At the end of each spin, the player will be asked to Pick A Portal. Revealing EXTRA SPIN will award 1 additional Morty Spin. Revealing COLLECT will end the feature. Morty Spins awards a maximum of 4 EXTRA SPINS per feature. Morty Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Morty Spins are played on the same bet as the triggering game. Rick Prime Spins 2 Bonus symbols awards 4 additional spins 3 Bonus symbols awards 8 additional spins 4 Bonus symbols awards 12 additional spins 5 Bonus symbols awards 20 additional spins 6 Bonus symbols awards 30 additional spins Rick Prime Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Rick Prime Spins are played automatically at the same bet and number of ways as the initiating game. Evil Morty Spins During Evil Morty Spins, only Cash and Collect symbols, as well as a special Morty Multiplier symbol (active on reels 2-5), are present on the reels. A Collect symbol land in view on every spin along with at least one Cash symbol, guaranteeing a win Any Evil Morty symbols that land in view will award one of the following collect modifiers: Boost - boosts all cash values in view (by up to 5xbet) Max - increases all cash symbols to match the highest cash value in view. Each additional Evil Morty symbol in view that would award the Max collect doubles all cash values in view before they are collected Collector - the Evil Morty symbol collects all cash prizes in view before being added to the Collect symbol At the end of each spin, the player will be asked to Pick A Portal. Revealing EXTRA SPIN will award 1 additional Evil Morty Spin. Revealing COLLECT will end the feature. Evil Morty Spins awards a maximum of 4 EXTRA SPINS per feature. Evil Morty Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Evil Morty Spins are played on the same bet as the triggering game. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Cash values range from 0.5x to 1000xbet. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 3/5/2025