Big Money Frenzy Megaways Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your awards will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more MONEY Scatter Symbol in view awards Money Spins. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Mystery Symbol The Mystery symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. MONEY Scatter Symbol MONEY Scatter symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. MONEY Scatter Symbol wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. The MONEY Scatter Symbol can award a cash prize or one of the cashpots. 3 or more MONEY Scatter Symbol will trigger Money Spins. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-10x, MINOR-25x, MAJOR-100x, MEGA-2000x Base Stake. Cashpots are only paid during Money and Frenzy Spins. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same feature. Money Spins The triggering Megaways reel size will be used throughout the Money Spins feature. At the start of Money Spins the triggering MONEY Scatter symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin individually with only Money, Cashpot, Frenzy Spins and pip symbols active. Each new Money, Cashpot and Frenzy Spin symbol landing in view will lock in place and reset the remaining spins to 3. Landing a Money Scatter Symbol will award the prize shown. Landing a Cashpot Symbol will award the matching cashpot. Landing a Frenzy Spin Symbol will award 1 Frenzy Spin. The Frenzy Spins are awarded at the end of Money Spins. At the end of Money Spins, the player is awarded the value of all cash displayed in view on the active reels. Available MONEY Scatter Symbol outcomes during Money Spins are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, MEGA and 1 Frenzy Spin (outcomes are xbet). Frenzy Spins The number of Frenzy Spins will be based on the amount that appeared in view during Money Spins. During Frenzy Spins only Money, Cashpot, Frenzy Spins and pip symbols are active. Landing a Money Scatter Symbol will award the prize shown. Landing a Cashpot Symbol will award the matching cashpot. Landing a Frenzy Spin Symbol will award 1 Frenzy Spin. Symbols do not hold over between spins. Landing Money and Cashpot symbols in view will add to the Bonus Win panel at the end of every spin. Additional Frenzy Spins will be added to the spin counter at the end of each spin. Available MONEY Scatter Symbol outcomes during Frenzy Spins are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, MEGA and 1 Frenzy Spin (outcomes are xbet). Bonus Buy(depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the player can choose from 2 options. Money Spins - The player will be guaranteed entry into the selected feature. Money Spins costs x60 bet. Frenzy Spins - The player will be guaranteed entry into the selected feature with 1 Frenzy Spin. Frenzy Spins costs x100 bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. All pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels from left to right. Only the highest win is paid on each way. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 10/16/2024