Bankin Bacon Jackpot Royale Bankin Bacon™ Jackpot Royale Player Instructions Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (or any Cheque symbol) starting from the left most reel on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Win Ways Each spin has 4,096 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form ways wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Free Spins During Free Spins the Piggy Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Piggy symbol lands in view, a prize is awarded for any cheque symbol that also lands in view. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger Bonus. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins 4 Bonus Scatter symbols = 15 Free Spins 5 Bonus Scatter symbols = 20 Free Spins 6 Bonus Scatter symbols = 30 Free Spins Choose either Free Spins with all Cheques active or select Mystery Choice which will spin a wheel and award a combination of Free Spins and 1 Cheque symbol. During Free Spins all Piggy symbols landing on the reels award a prize for each Cheque symbol in view . Any Blue or Yellow Cheques landing in view with the Piggy Symbol can award up to 50x Total Bet. Any Green Cheques landing in view with the Piggy Symbol can award up to 10 additional Free Spins. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Jackpot Royale 6 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 10/11/2023