7s Fire Blitz Power Up GAME INFORMATION Game Rules and Information Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on adjacent reels forms a line of consecutive symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cash Collect Achieving a Cash Prize symbol on reels 1, 2, 4 or 5 with a Collect symbol on reel 3 will trigger the Cash Collect feature. The Cash Prize symbols are active on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. The Cash Collect symbol is active on reel 3. Any Cash Prize symbols will be accumulated on the Cash Collect symbol. Power Up Cash Collect Achieving Cash Prize symbols on reels 1, 2, 4 or 5 with a Power Up Cash Collect symbol on reel 3 will trigger the Power Up Collect feature. The Cash Prize symbols are active on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. The Power Up Cash Collect symbol is active on reel 3. When the Power Up Cash Collect feature is triggered, the Power Up Collect symbol will reveal either a Cash value or a Cash Multiplier. Revealing a Cash Multiplier will multiply all Cash Prize symbols in view by up to x10. Revealing a Cash value will award the value shown on the Power Up Collect symbol. Once the Power Up Collect symbol has actioned the upgrade, any Cash Prize symbols in view will be accumulated on the Power Up Collect symbol. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-25x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-150x, GRAND-1000x base stake. Cashpots are shown on special Cash Prize symbols. Cashpots are only paid when collected by a Power Up Cash Collect or Cash Collect symbol. Multiple Cashpots can be won on the same game. Fire Blitz Bonus Achieving Cash Prize and any Cash Collect symbol on 3 consecutive reels will trigger the bonus. The Cash Collect symbol will hold in place for the duration of the feature and will collect any Cash Prize symbols that land in view. The player will have 3 Spins to achieve a new symbol in view. Each time a Cash Prize symbol lands in view, it is added to any Cash Collect symbols in view before being removed from the reels and resetting the Spins back to 3. Additional Cash Collect symbols landing in view will reset the spins counter to 3 (up to a maximum of 3). The Fire Blitz Bonus continues until all spins have been used, where the player is paid the total accumulated on all Cash Collect symbols in view. Gold Strike Feature Any Cash Collect or Cash Prize symbols that land in view are added to the logo, giving the chance to award the Gold Strike feature. If the Gold Strike feature is triggered Cash, Cashpot and Collect symbols can be added to the reels, along with the chance of upgrading any Cash symbol values already in view, guaranteeing the Fire Blitz Bonus will be activated. Power Play The player can choose to play POWER PLAY at any time by pressing the POWER PLAY button. The player can choose to play at 5x their Base Stake. During POWER PLAY only the Cash Prize and Power Up Cash Collect symbols are in play. If a bonus is triggered during POWER PLAY, only the Power Up Cash Collect and Cash Prize symbols are in play. The player can change their Power Stake at any time by pressing the stake button, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit, Win Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Available Cash symbols range from 1x to 15x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). The Power Play game is played at 5x the base stake. The collection feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes (Fire Blitz Feature). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP:94% Last modification date: 1/13/2026