Hogroast 7's Double Wheel Deluxe Hogroast 7s: Double Wheel Deluxe™ Introduction Dine in the nostalgic Hogroast 7s: Double Wheel Deluxe, where classic American stepper slot machine action meets rock 'n' roll ambiance. Raise your excitement with our unique Double Wheel feature, offering boosts to multipliers, and jackpots galore! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. If the combination of symbols on the reels forms a line of any 3 Seven symbols or any 3 Bar symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. All wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your awards will be credited to your account balance. Wild symbol The Wild symbol can appear anywhere on the reels and can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot contribute to Bonus Wheel trigger condition. Jackpot Symbol The Jackpot symbol can appear anywhere on the reels. 3 Jackpot symbols anywhere in view award the Jackpot Feature. In the Jackpot Feature, the Player receives a single spin of the Outer Wheel that grants one of jackpot values corresponding to Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. Double Wheel Bonus The Double Wheel Bonus is triggered by getting a full window of the same symbol in view on the same spin. The trigger symbol can be only one of following symbols: cherries, bar, double bar and triple bar. The Double Wheel consist from two parts: the inner Action Wheel and the outer Multiplier Wheel. Once triggered, the Double Wheel will appear in view and a player will be prompted to spin it. The Bonus Feature starts from the spin of the Action Wheel that contains following sections: Collect, Proceed, Extra Action Spin and Upgrade. If the Action Wheel stops on a Collect Sector, the Bonus Game immediately ends and any accumulated line wins are collected and any awarded multiplier is applied. If the Action Wheel stops on a Proceed sector, Bonus Game proceeds to the outer Multiplier Wheel to receive Multiplier that will be applied to accumulated lines win. Bonus Game ends after that. If the Action Wheel stops on an Extra Action sector, Bonus Game proceeds to the outer Multiplier Wheel to receive Multiplier. After that a player receives additional Action Wheel Spin. If the Action Wheel stops on an Upgrade sector, symbols in the base game that triggered the Double Wheel feature are being upgraded to the next symbol in the Paytable to increase a lines win value. After that Bonus Game proceeds to the outer Multiplier Wheel to receive a Multiplier. After that a player receives additional Action Wheel Spin. The Outer Multiplier wheel contains sectors that correspond to values: x2, x3, x5, x10. All Multipliers collected in between action spins are accumulated to apply a final Multiplier at the end of the Bonus Game. Sectors on the Outer Multiplier wheel can be upgraded by the Jackpot Feature to the values that correspond Mini, Minor, Major and Mega jackpot. The maximum amount of action spins in the Bonus Game is 5. Therefore the furthest possible upgrade of the symbol is a Diamond. Bonus Bet Options (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Bet can be activated during the main game to double the player's chances of triggering Double Wheel feature and to increase the RTP. Activating the Side Bet will increase the Total Bet by 50%. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will pause if you get into any bonus round including Freespins and resume on returning to the Main Game. Auto Play will stop if you reach any set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. Base stake is defined as the amount required to initiate a standard game round. This excludes additional wagers such as side bets, mid-game wagers or bonus buys. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel (5 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Month/Day/Year: 09/10/2024 V1.0 Last modification date: 2/11/2025