Napoleon 2 Fatstacks Napoleon 2 FatStacks™ Introduction Introducing Napoleon 2 FatStacks™ - Join Napoleon on his legendary conquests in our epic 6x4 online slot featuring FatStacks™, a mechanic that creates more ways to win. Wild Multipliers and the new Napoleon Mega Streak feature can create BIG WINS. Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of size, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, forming a sequence of 3, 4, 5, or 6 matching symbols. All winning combinations are added together. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol (Napoleon) can appear anywhere on the reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 and can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for Bonus Scatter Symbols. The Wild symbol is also a win multiplier. In Base Game, 1 substituting Wild on a winning way doubles the win on that winning way. 2 substituting WILD symbols on a winning way will multiply the win by x4. 3 substituting WILD symbols on a winning way will multiply the win by x8. 4 substituting WILD symbols on a winning way will multiply the win by x16 and 5 substituting WILD symbols on a winning way will multiply the win by x32. The Wild Multipliers will be advertised on the screen. Napoleon Mega Streak If a Golden Napoleon (WILD) is part of a win, any winning symbols and Bonus Scatters in view will lock in place and activate the Napoleon Mega Streak feature. During Napoleon Mega Streak, the losing symbols are then removed, and new symbols drop in at no extra cost. This will continue until no new symbol positions can be held. FatStacking will be active during Napoleon Mega Streak features. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning combinations and no more FatStacks™ are possible. Bonus Scatter symbols cannot create cascades. Winning Symbols cannot create cascades during a Napoleon Mega Streak feature. FatStacks™ A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of size, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, forming a sequence of 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols. 2 to 3 identical single symbols on the same reel will consolidate into a double or a triple symbol (a FatStack™) to create more ways to win. 3 identical single symbols form the maximum FatStack™ size, a triple symbol. If there are other identical symbols on the reel, a new FatStack™ will form. Symbols consolidating into a FatStack™ will fall through any different symbols below and into the first identical symbol they meet. This triggers a cascade to fill the empty positions on the reel. 1 to 3 FatStacks™ can be formed on different positions within the same reel. Wilds and Bonus Scatter symbols cannot form FatStacks™. Battle Cry Modifier During any spin Napoleon can appear and trigger one of two modifiers. Bonus symbols will be added to the reels increasing the odds of Bonus symbols landing in view. Wild symbols will be added to the reels increasing the odds of Wild symbols landing in view. Free Games 4 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view can trigger Free Games 4 Bonus Scatter symbols = 10 Free Games 5 Bonus Scatter symbols = 12 Free Games 6 Bonus Scatter symbols = 15 Free Games During Free Games all wilds are transformed into Golden Napoleon Wilds which increases the chances of triggering the Napoleon Mega Streak feature. Napoleon Mega Streak feature will upgrade the Wild Multipliers as follows: #Wilds 1 2 3 4 5 Multiplier 2 4 8 16 32 Multiplier 3 6 12 24 48 Multiplier 4 8 16 32 64 Multiplier 5 10 20 40 80 Free Games continue until all Free Games are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Free Games can be retriggered during Free Games. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. Base stake is defined as the amount required to initiate a standard game round. This excludes additional wagers such as bonus buy (where applicable). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/15/2025