Almighty Buffalo Megaways Jackpot Royale INTRODUCTION Almighty Buffalo Megaways is a 6-reel slot featuring MEGAWAYS™. Run wild in this great frontier adventure with up to 117,649 ways to win, Cascading symbols and an optional Buffalo Bet allowing you instant access to the Free Spins feature. Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery Symbol cannot reveal scatter symbols. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels but not in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 4 Scatter Symbols in view awards Free Spins. Triggering Free Spins with more than 4 Scatter Symbols will award additional Free Spins (Dependant on Free Spins Selection). Buffalo Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Buffalo Bet can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins Buffalo Bet is played at 100x Total Bet Free Spins Selection At the start of Free Spins the player is given the choice of 4 options: 15 Free Spins and the Unlimited Win Multiplier starts at x1. Triggering Free Spins with additional Scatter Symbols awards 4 extra Free Spins (per additional Scatter Symbol). 10 Free Spins and the Unlimited Win Multiplier starts at x5. Triggering Free Spins with additional Scatter Symbols awards 2 extra Free Spins (per additional Scatter Symbol). 5 Free Spins and the Unlimited Win Multiplier starts at x10. Triggering Free Spins with additional Scatter Symbols awards 1 extra Free Spin (per additional Scatter Symbol). Mystery Choice: The available Free Spins and Multipliers will be shuffled into 6 panels. The player selects one panel from each category. The values shown in the selected panels will be used to initiate the Free Spins Round. Free Spins During Free Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier will increase by 1 after every cascade. During Free Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Free Spins Scatters and will award extra Free Spins: 3 Free Spins Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 4 Free Spins Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Jackpot Royale 4 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols in the top reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 10/17/2023