Majestic Fury Win Stepper Game Rules And Information Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Cash Collect and Cash Prize symbols. Cash Collect Achieving Cash Prize symbols on either reels 1 or 3 with a Cash Collect symbol on reel 2 will trigger the Collect feature. The Cash Prize symbols are active on reels 1 and 3. The Cash Collect symbol is active on reel 2. Any Cash Prize symbols will be accumulated on the Collect symbol. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-25x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-150x, MEGA-1000x base stake. Cashpots are shown on special Cash Prize symbols. Cashpots are only paid when being collected by the Collect symbol. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same game. Win Stepper Achieving Cash Prize symbols on either reels 1 or 3 with a Cash Collect symbol on reel 2 can randomly trigger the Win Stepper feature. Once triggered any Cash Prize symbols are collected. Once collected reels 1 and 3 will step down one position and any cash prize symbols in view will be collected. On every step new Cash Prize symbols can appear. If any Cash Prize symbols appear on reels 1 and 3 during the step, then the Bonus will automatically be triggered, and the player will be taken directly into the Bonus. Win Stepper ends when there are either no Cash Prize symbols in view or the Bonus is triggered. Bonus Achieving a Cash Prize symbol on reels 1 and 3 with a Cash Collect symbol on reel 2 triggers the bonus. The Cash Collect symbol will hold in place for the duration of the feature and will collect any Cash Prize symbols that land in view. The player will have 3 Spins to achieve a new symbol in view. Each time a Cash Prize symbol lands in view, it is added to any Cash Collect symbols in view before being removed from the reels and resetting the Spins back to 3. Additional Cash Collect symbols can land in view on reel 2 (up to a maximum of 3). The Bonus continues until all Spins have been used, where the player is paid the total accumulated on all Cash Collect symbols in view. Lion Strike Feature Any Cash Collect or Cash prize symbols that land in view are added to the logo, giving the chance to award the Lion Strike Feature. If the Lion Strike Feature is triggered, Cash Prize and Cash Collect symbols are added to the reels which guarantee the Bonus to be activated. Power Play The player can choose to play POWER PLAY at any time by pressing the POWER PLAY button. The player can choose to play at 5x their Base Stake. During POWER PLAY only Cash Prize and Cash Collect symbols are in play. Achieving Cash Prize symbols on either reels 1 or 3 with a Cash Collect symbol on reel 2 will guarantee the Win Stepper feature during Power Play. The player can change their POWER Stake at any time by pressing the stake button, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Win Limit, Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available) Payout Information and Game Rules Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (5 lines always active). Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. The collection feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes (Lion Strike). Available Cash symbols range from 1x to 15x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP - 94%