Big Money Frenzy Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more MONEY Scatter Symbol in view awards Money Spins. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. MONEY Scatter MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. 3 or more MONEY Scatter Symbol in view awards Money Spins. Available MONEY symbol outcomes during the base game are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 1 Frenzy Spin, 2 Frenzy Spins and 3 Frenzy Spins. Money Spins At the start of Money Spins the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin individually with only MONEY Scatter Symbols being active. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Landing in no MONEY Scatter Symbols 3 times in a row, or filling every position with MONEY Scatter Symbols will end Money Spins. During Money Spins if a Frenzy Spin symbol lands in view the player will be awarded 1 Frenzy Spin for each one in view. The Frenzy Spins are awarded at the end of Money Spins At the end of Money Spins, the player is awarded the value of the MONEY symbols displayed in view. Available MONEY symbol outcomes during Money Spins are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 1 Frenzy Spin, 2 Frenzy Spins and 3 Frenzy Spins. Frenzy Spins The number of Frenzy Spins will be based on the amount that appeared in view during Money Spins. Landing MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will add the win to the Bonus Win panel. Every MONEY Scatter Symbol will add to the Bonus Win regardless of the number that land in view and do not hold over between spins. If a Frenzy Spin symbol lands in view an additional Frenzy Spin is awarded At the end of Frenzy Spins, the total winnings will be added to the player's Bonus Win. Available MONEY symbol outcomes during Frenzy Spins are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 15x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 70x, 80x, 90x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 500x, 1 Frenzy Spin, 2 Frenzy Spins and 3 Frenzy Spins. Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far-left reel. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 2/28/2024