Betmgm Diamond Stepper Game Rules And Information Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Cash Collect, Cash and Cashpot symbols. Cash Collect Achieving Cash or Cashpot symbols on either reels 1 or 3 with a Cash Collect symbol on reel 2 will trigger the Collect feature. The Cash and Cashpot symbols are active on reels 1 and 3. The Cash Collect symbol is active on reel 2. Any Cash and Cashpot symbols will be accumulated on the Collect symbol. Available Cash symbol outcomes are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x Base stake. Landing any Cashpot symbols with a Cash Collect symbol (MINI-25x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-150x, GRAND-1000x Base Stake) in view will award that pot value. Diamond Stepper Diamond Stepper is triggered whenever a Cash Collect symbol lands on reel 2. Once triggered the Cash Collect symbol will step one position down from its current position on the next spin. Bonus Achieving a Cash or Cashpot symbol on reels 1 and 3 with a Cash Collect symbol on reel 2 triggers the bonus. The Cash Collect symbol will hold in place for the duration of the feature and will collect any Cash or Cashpot symbols that land in view. The player will have 3 Spins to achieve a new symbol in view. Each time a Cash or Cashpot symbol lands in view, it is added to any Cash Collect symbols in view before being removed from the reels and resetting the Spins back to 3. Available Cash symbol outcomes are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x Base stake. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-25x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-150x, GRAND-1000x Base Stake. Additional Cash Collect symbols can land in view on reel 2 (up to a maximum of 3). The Bonus continues until all Spins have been used, where the player is paid the total accumulated on all Cash Collect symbols in view. Diamond Strike Feature Any Cash Collect, Cash or Cashpot symbols that land in view are added to the logo, giving the chance to award the Diamond Strike Feature. If the Diamond Strike Feature is triggered, Cash, Cashpot, and Collect symbols are added to the reels which guarantee the Bonus to be activated. Power Play The player can choose to play POWER PLAY at any time by pressing the POWER PLAY button. The player can choose to play at 5x their Base Stake. During POWER PLAY only Cash, Cash Collect, and Cashpot symbols are in play. Diamond Stepper is also active during POWER PLAY. The player can change their POWER Stake at any time by pressing the stake button, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Win Limit, Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (5 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Any Cash Collect symbols in view are held over separately for each stake. The Bonus is played on the same bet as the triggering game. The collection feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes. RTP: 94% MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 9/26/2025