Masters of Atlantis Jackpot Royale Masters of Atlantis™ Jackpot Royale™ Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The symbols will be removed and new symbols will cascade onto the reels. If 8 or more matching symbols appear in view, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Rising Multipliers Rising multipliers are active during the base game. During any spin the Rising Multiplier can be triggered, once triggered a Multiplier will float up to a random position on the reels. Rising Multiplier symbol appearing in view during a win cascade will award a multiplier from x2-x100. Once no more winning cascades are achieved the values of all Multiplier symbols in view are added together which multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. Once all wins are processed the Rising Multiplier symbol can hold over and step up one position above its current position. Free Spins 4 or more Bonus Symbols in view awards Free Spins. During Free Spins the Rising Multiplier can rise up to x500. During Free Spins the Rising Multiplier symbol increases with every step. Once no more winning cascades are achieved the values of all Multiplier symbols in view are added together which multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view during Free Spins award additional Free Spins. Jackpot Royale 6 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the player can choose from 2 options. Buy Free Spins, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating free spins. Free Spins, costs x100 bet. Buy Ultimate Rise, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating free spins. Only the Golden Bubbles (enhanced multiplier values) are in play during Ultimate Rise. Ultimate Rise, costs x350 bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency may vary depending on number of games played. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Blue bubble multipliers range from x2-x9. Gold bubble multipliers range from x10-x100 in the main game and x10-x500 during free spins. Bonus Buy bets do not contribute towards any progressive jackpots or jackpot features. Progressive pots and Jackpot features cannot be triggered during Bonus Buy play. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 12/10/2024