Almighty Buffalo King Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels form a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on one the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. The Cowboy substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During Free Spins all Cowboy symbols landing on the reels award the cash prize for each Buffalo symbol in view. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. All wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. The Wild symbol is only active during Free Spins. Pick A Diamond Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. Before the bonus starts, an upgrade will be selected and applied to all subsequent spins. Any future upgrades will apply from the point they are selected. Elk Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Cowboy (cash tags range: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 xbet). Wolf Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Cowboy (cash tags range: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 xbet). Bear Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Cowboy (cash tags range: 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 18, 20 xbet). Eagle Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Cowboy (cash tags range: 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50 xbet). +Buffalo - Additional Buffalo are added to the reels. +Cowboy - Additional Cowboys are added to the reels. +Collect (Golden Cowboy) - Cash values will be collected up to 2 times by a golden cowboy. Golden cowboy can collect an additional time for each regular cowboy in view Re-Spin - All none CASH and Cowboy symbols will be respun. The reels keep respinning until the win is no longer improved. +Spins - Up to 5 additional Spins can be awarded. Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. After selecting an upgrade from Pick A Diamond, the Bonus round will start. During Free Spins the Cowboy Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Cowboy symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each CASH symbol that also lands in view. Every time a Cowboy lands in view, he will add to the trail for the chance of additional spins and upgrades. Collecting 2 Cowboy symbols will award 1 additional upgrade to be active for all subsequent spins. Collecting 4 Cowboy symbols will award 10 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any CASH symbols the Cowboy collects. Collecting 6 Cowboy symbols will award 1 additional upgrade to be active for all subsequent spins. Collecting 8 Cowboy symbols will award 10 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any CASH symbols the Cowboy collects. Collecting 10 Cowboy symbols will award 1 additional upgrade to be active for all subsequent spins. Collecting 12 Cowboy symbols will award 10 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any CASH symbols the Cowboy collects. The retrigger spins are played after the previous set of spins has finished. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bonus Buy (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) The Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game. Once activated, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins. The Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS.