The Jetsons Jackpot Royale Game Rules And Information Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 2, 3, 4, or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cash Prize Symbols Cash Prize symbols can land anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5 in the main game and in Bonus Spins. Cash Prize symbols will carry cash prizes of 1-20xBet or Cash Pot prizes: MAJOR (200xBet) and MINOR (100xBet) on reel 5, or MINI (20xBet) on reels 4 or 5. Expand'N'Win Feature A Stacked Collect symbol is 3 symbol positions high and can land only on reel 1 in the main game and in Bonus Spins. Stacked Collect symbol landing fully or partially in view on reel 1 will nudge up or down to cover all 3 reel positions and trigger the Expand'N'Win feature in the main game and in Bonus Spins. After the trigger, 1 to 3 rows will be added above reels 2-5 before the reels are evaluated. All Cash Prize symbols' cash prizes and/or Cash Pot prizes will be awarded to the player in a consecutive order starting from reel 2 and ending on reel 5. If any reel in between doesn't have at least one Cash Prize symbol, the Cash Prize symbols' prizes on the following reels will not be awarded. Expand'N'Win Mystery Trigger The Expand'N'Win feature may be randomly triggered on a main game spin where no Stacked Collect symbol has landed on reel 1. Bonus Wheel Feature Bonus Wheel symbols can only land on reels 3, 4, or 5 in the main game. 3 Bonus Wheel symbols in view will trigger the Bonus Wheel feature. If the Bonus Wheel feature is triggered, 1 wheel spin is awarded to the player. The Bonus Wheel contains the following prize options: Cash Pots: MEGA (1000xBet), MAJOR (200xBet), MINOR (100xBet), or MINI (20xBet) 6 Bonus Spins with enhanced reels: 40 to 400 Cash Prize symbols added to the reels Press the SPIN button to spin the Bonus Wheel and the STOP button to stop it. Bonus Spins Bonus Spins continue until all Bonus Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bonus Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Autoplay will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit, Win Limit, or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Autoplay from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel (243 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Win ways are not evaluated during the Expand'N'Win feature. All winning combinations are added together. All wins are paid in accordance with the paytable. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP for the game is 93.04% + JP 0.61% + 0.38% Reserve Last modification date: 9/26/2025