Spirit of Nature Spirit of Nature Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If 8 or more matching symbols appear in view, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Bison Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Extra Bet can be activated during the Base Game. While active the chance of triggering a bonus is doubled. The Extra Bet is played at the cost of an additional 0.25x Total Bet. Free Spins 4 or more Bonus Symbols in view awards Free Spins. During Free Spins the Multiplier symbol will become active. During Free Spins if a Multiplier symbol appears in view during a win cascade it awards a multiplier from x2-x500. Once no more winning cascades are achieved the values of all Multiplier symbols in view are added together which multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view during Free Spins awards 5 additional Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the Free Spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spins Selection At the start of Free Spins the player is given the choice of 4 options: 12 Free Spins and the Multiplier symbol can range from x2 up to x100. 8 Free Spins and the Multiplier symbol can range from x4 up to x200. 5 Free Spins and the Multiplier symbol can range from x8 up to x500. Mystery Choice: The available Free Spins and Multiplier range will be shuffled into 6 panels. The player selects one panel from each category. The values shown in the selected panels will be used to initiate the Free Spins Round. The Mystery Choice awards 5, 8 or 12 Free Spins and a Multiplier range of x2 up to x100, x4 up to x200 or x8 up to x500. Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the player can choose from 2 options. Buy Free Spins, this will take the player immediately into the Free Spins Selection. Buy Free Spins costs x100 bet. Buy Bison Wheel, this will take the player immediately into the Bison Wheel which can award any combination of the available free spins and minimum/maximum multipliers. Buy Bison Wheel costs x248 bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. 6xScatter award can be won in the main game only. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 5/30/2023