Rick and Morty Megaways INTRODUCTION Join Rick and Morty on their latest adventure into the wonderful world of Megaways™. This 6-reel slot has 3 show-themed features which take inspiration from the most beloved episodes. Trigger the bonus and select your own Free Spins round or try the Mystery Free Spins option and win spins in a randomly selected feature. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. 4 or more Scatter symbols in view awards Free Spins. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery Symbol cannot reveal scatter symbols. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels but not in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 4 or more Scatter symbols in view awards Free Spins. Triggering Free Spins with more than 4 Scatter Symbols will award additional Free Spins (Dependant on Free Spins Selection). Free Spins Selection Triggering Free Spins with additional Scatter Symbols awards 5 extra Free Spins (per additional Scatter Symbol). At the start of Free Spins the player is given the choice of 4 options: 12 Pickle Rick Free Spins: An Increasing Win Multiplier starts at x1. Every cascade increases the multiplier by 1. 12 Federation Wild Spins: Matching symbols with the top reel will turn those symbols Wild. 12 Vindicators Free Spins: Land the Special 'V' symbol in view on the top reel and a cash or Vindicator symbol in view simultaneously to trigger a cash respin. After all respins have completed, the total of the cash values on all symbols in view is awarded (Cash symbol outcomes range from 1x - 100x Total Bet). Mystery Free Spins: Spin the Wheel and be awarded a random combination of free spins and bonus round. Mystery Free Spins The value shown on the wheel will change depending on how many Bonus Scatter Symbols triggered the Free Spins Selection: 4 Bonus Scatters = 5, 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins. 5 Bonus Scatters = 10, 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins. 6 Bonus Scatters = 15, 20, 25 or 30 Free Spins. 7 Bonus Scatters = 20, 30, 40 or 50 Free Spins. Free Spins During Free Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Free Spins Scatters and will award extra Free Spins: 3 Free Spins Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 4 Free Spins Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Bonus Wheel (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Wheel can be activated during the Base Game. Once activated the player will be taken directly into Mystery Free Spins. Wheel values are always 5, 10, 15 or 20 Free spins. Bonus Wheel is played at 150x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/19/2024