Eagle Storm Jackpot Royale Express Eagle Storm™ Jackpot Royale Express Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The symbols will be removed and new symbols will cascade onto the reels. If 8 or more matching symbols appear in view, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Win Multipliers Multiplier Symbols are active during the Base Game and Bonus Spins. During any spin, Multiplier Symbols can land in view to increase any wins accumulated. The Multiplier Symbols appearing in view during any winning cascade, can show a multiplier ranging from x2 to x100. Once no more winning cascades are achieved, the values of any Multiplier symbols in view are added together. This value then multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. Bonus Spins 4 or more Bonus Symbols in view awards 15 Bonus Spins and a cash prize. During Bonus Spins, if the Multiplier Symbols lands in view with a win, then the win will be multiplied by the Multiplier Symbols and then held over in the Multiplier Bank for the remainin Bonus Spins. On any future Bonus Spins, if the Multiplier Symbol lands in view with a win, then the win will be multiplied by the Multiplier Symbols and the Multiplier Bank added together. Any winning Multiplier Symbol landing in view will add to the Multiplier Bank after the win has been paid. Any losing Multiplier Symbols landing in view won't be added to the Multiplier Bank. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view during Bonus Spins awards 5 additional Bonus Spins. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency may vary depending on number of games played. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. All winning combinations are added together. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 5/21/2025