The Goonies Jackpot Royale The Goonies™ Jackpot Royale - Player Instructions INTRODUCTION The Goonies™ is a 5-reel 20-line slot based on the cult movie of the same name! The game has 5 awesome features as well as One-Eyed Willy's Treasure Bonus where you can win up to 1000xTotal Bet! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards the Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Fratelli Hideout during the Bonus awards the Fratelli Hideout Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Skeleton Organ during the Bonus awards Skeleton Organ Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Super Sloth Free Spins during the Bonus awards Super Sloth Free Spins. Spinning the wheel and landing on Goonies Go Wild Free Spins during the Bonus awards Goonies Go Wild Free Spins. Spinning the wheel and landing on Inferno Free Spins during the Bonus awards Inferno Free Spins. Spinning the wheel and landing on One-Eyed Willy's Treasure during the Bonus awards One-Eyed Willy's Treasure Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol substitute for all symbols except scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Medallion Wild, Truffle Shuffle Wild, Mikey Wild, Colossal Wild, Super Sloth Wild, Goonie Wild and Inferno Wilds. One-Eyed Willy's Riches One-Eyed Willy's Riches can be triggered randomly during any spin: Truffle Shuffle Wilds - Wilds can overlay the reels, turning positions wild. Mikey's Hidden Riches - Any of the reels can be turned into a reel stacked full of wilds. Data's Colossal Symbols - As the reels continue to spin, 3 adjacent reels can be turned into a Colossal Reel. Mouth's Lucky Coins - The Mystery symbol (Gold Coin) chooses a symbol at random to be displayed inside the Gold Coin. During any spin where a Coin lands on the reels a symbol is chosen which is displayed in every Coin in view. One-Eyed Willy's Bonus Boost - Additional Bonus symbols can be added to the reels. Sloth's Win Spin – Guaranteed to award a big winning spin. There are also two additional modifiers which can trigger after any spin both turning a lose into a win. On a losing spin a scythe can appear which will reset the reels into a win, and also a cave collapse can occur to reveal a win. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. The player will spin the wheel, which after a spin will stop on one of 6 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Fratelli Hideout Bonus Triggered by landing on the Fratelli Hideout segment of the wheel during the Bonus. Pick a key to reveal one of three outcomes: CASH ADD (adds a cash amount between 2x - 20x total bet); COLLECT (ends the feature); HIDDEN TUNNEL (takes the player to the Hidden Tunnel sub-bonus). If the Hidden Tunnel is revealed then the player can trigger any one of the 5 additional Bonuses. Skeleton Organ Bonus Triggered by landing on the Skeleton Organ segment of the wheel during the Bonus. The player selects the organ keys to reveal an icon. Each character will match up to a total bet multiplier. Additionally, revealing an UPGRADE icon will upgrade the total bet multipliers or the possible feature that can be won during the bonus. Collecting 3 Key symbols unlocks the door to an additional feature bonus. Watch out for the Skull and Crossbones. LOSE 3 LIVES AND IT'S GAME OVER! Super Sloth Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Super Sloth Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Bonus. A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new set of reels featuring the Fratelli family. During any spin, if a Super Sloth Wild lands in view any Fratelli symbols on the reels are turned into the top symbol. At the end of Free Spins the player has one extra chance to win extra prizes. Choosing a chest reveals either Super Sloth (extra Spins), Collect (ends the feature) or One-Eyed Willy's Treasure Bonus (awards the feature). Goonies Go Wild Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Goonies Go Wild Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Bonus. At the start of each spin after spin number 1, one of the top reel symbols will become Wild. At the end of Free Spins the player has one extra chance to win extra prizes. Picking one of the Copperpot Doubloons will reveal either COLLECT (ends feature), EXTRA SPINS or One-Eyed Willy's Treasure (awards that feature). If the player reveals EXTRA SPINS then they are awarded up to 5 extra spins with all of the Goonies symbols wild. Inferno Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Inferno Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Bonus. At the start of each spin the Inferno will move across the reels from right to left, turning between 1 and 3 consecutive reels Wild. At the end of Free Spins the player has one extra chance to win extra prizes. Spinning the wheel will reveal either COLLECT (ends feature), EXTRA SPINS or One-Eyed Willy's Treasure (awards that feature). If the player reveals EXTRA SPINS then the feature is retriggered. One-Eyed Willy's Treasure Bonus Collecting 5 Bonus symbols, gambling to, or having landed on the One-Eyed Willy's Treasure Bonus on the Bonus Wheel triggers the One-Eyed Willy's Treasure Bonus. The values will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. The feature continues until the booby trap is triggered on the scales, where the player is awarded their total bet multiplier win. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for One-Eyed Willy's Treasure Bonus), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 6 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet ranging from 5x-35xbet). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Big Win Big Win Huge Win Huge Win Epic Win Epic Win Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus Hidden Tunnel Hidden Tunnel Last modification date: 2/28/2023