Grizzly Gold Megaways Grizzly Gold Megaways™ Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Matching symbols on the top and bottom will turn those symbols Wild. If the symbols are a wild then the whole reel is turned wild. 3 or more Scatter symbols accumulated during any game awards Free Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above or below reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above and below reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are replaced by new symbols from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels but not in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 or more Scatter symbols awards Free Spins. Triggering Free Spins with more than 3 Scatter Symbols will award 2 additional Free Spins per scatter. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols = 8 Free Spins 4 Bonus Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins 5 Bonus Scatter symbols = 12 Free Spins 6 Bonus Scatter symbols = 14 Free Spins Free Spins During Free Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier will increase by 1 after every cascade. Matching symbols on the top and bottom will turn those symbols Wild. If the symbols are a wild then the whole reel is turned wild. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Wild Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Extra Bet can be activated during the Base Game. While active the chance of triggering a bonus is increased. The Extra Bet is played at the cost of an additional 0.25x Total Bet. Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game. This will take the player immediately into the Free Spins Selection. Spin the wheel to be awarded a number of Free Spins ranging from 5 to 20 Free Spins. Bonus Bet is played at 150x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different win ways are added. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played at the same Total Bet as the triggering game. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/31/2023