Paws of Fury Jackpot Royale INTRODUCTION Paws of Fury is a 5-reel 20-line slot journey on the way to GREATNESS! The game has 5 PAWSOME features as well as Enter The Panda - BIG MONEY BONUS, where you can win up to 1000xTotal Bet!! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards the Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Win Sum Dough during the Bonus awards the Win Sum Dough Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Journey of the Panda during the Bonus awards the Journey of the Panda Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Rise of the Panda Free Spins during the Bonus awards the Rise of the Panda Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Panda Warrior Free Spins during the Bonus awards the Panda Warrior Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Enter the Panda - BIG MONEY during the Bonus awards the BIG MONEY Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Panda Warrior Wilds, Rise of the Panda Roaming Wilds, Belly Smash Wilds and Standard Wilds. Ninja Panda If the Panda wakes from his meditation during any game there is a chance one of the modifiers can be triggered. Panda will leap from his meditation, where he can award one of the following: Pandamonium Wilds - Whilst the reels spin Panda shall wake up and kick the reels turning positions wild. After any wins have been processed occasionally Panda shall jump up and kick the reels causing the reels to respin holding any wilds in position. Belly Smash - Whilst the reels spin Panda shall wake up and belly smash the reels creating a stacked wild. All 5 reels can be made wild Golden Super Spin - As the reels continue to spin, Panda will awake and use his mind trick to add mystery symbols to the reels. These can turn into any other symbol. Eye of the Panda - Once the reels have stopped and presented a combination of winning symbols occasionally Panda will awake and use his Ninja mind trick. This will cause the reels to respin holding the trigger symbols in position. This will continue until the win is not improved. Panda Mind Trick - On any spin Panda can add more Bonus symbols to the reels. This significantly increases the chance of triggering the bonus on that spin. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by the Panda Bonus. The player will spin the wheel, which after a spinning will stop on one of 5 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Win Sum Dough Triggered by landing on the Win Sum Dough segment of the wheel during the Panda Bonus. After a short transition, a scene will be shown with a number of bowls on screen along with a winplan to the left. The player selects barrels to reveal an item. Each item will match up to a total bet multiplier, which is paid for matching 3 of the same item. Additionally, revealing a special icon will upgrade the total bet multipliers, and collecting 3 Golden Pandas shall award the BIG MONEY Bonus. Journey of the Panda Bonus After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that represents a trail. The player always begins at the far left and is required to select lanterns in order to advance along the trail increasing the total bet multiplier. Selecting the lanterns will reveal one of the following positive or negative outcomes:- Event Action Advance 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Will action Panda to move up the trail by the corresponding number of Windows. BIG MONEY TEXT Takes the player directly to the BIG MONEY Bonus part of the feature. Collect Ends the bonus and pays the current total bet multiplier. If the BIG MONEY Bonus end game is reached, Panda enters the big money end game. See Enter The Panda - Big Money Bonus. Rise of the Panda Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Rise of the Panda Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Panda Bonus. A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, the top of the Temple with multiple reels in view. The screen will start at the top, before the screen pans down the other reel sets, which display the reels, and a side banner detailing the upgrade for that reel set. Level 1 - When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a new position. Level 2 - When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a different position. In addition to the wilds roaming around the reels, now when two wild symbols ‘collide’ on the same reel position it shall award a win multiplier of x2. Level 3 (final) - When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a different position. In addition to the wilds roaming around the reels, now when two wild symbols ‘collide’ on the same position the special wild symbol shall expand to cover the entire reel. The player is then presented with the bottom level. Here the player will play out their set of free spins on this reel set. The object of the Free Spins round is to collect Yin Yang icons which appear randomly on the reel symbols. By collecting a number of Yin Yangs this then advances the player up to the next reel set. The further the player levels up, the more powerful the upgrade awarded. As the player gets higher up, additional spins are awarded. Free Spins continue until all spins are used where the player is awarded the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings. Additional free spins are awarded each time the player completes a level. Panda Warrior Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Panda Warrior Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Panda Bonus. Panda Warrior Free Spins are played out on a 5x4 reel format with 40 win lines and a fixed amount of Free Spins. After each spin if any special wild symbols land in view a wild bank panel situated on the right-hand side of the screen will be incremented by the corresponding number of wilds. Once the initial round of Free Spins end the player will then be awarded a series of ‘Wild Spins’. Wild Spins play out on the same reel set and during each spin the accumulated number of wilds shall be placed randomly on to the reels. After a spin ends the player will be presented with 4 lanterns over the top of the reels and prompted to select a lantern revealing either a Yin Yang (Spins the reels again with the wilds shuffled to new positions) or a Collect which ends the feature. Panda Warrior Free Spins cannot be retriggered during Panda Warrior Free Spins. During Wild Spins, additional spins may be awarded. Enter The Panda - Big Money Bonus Collecting 5 Bonus symbols, gambling to, or having landed on the Big Money Bonus on the Bonus Wheel triggers the Big Money Bonus. Here the player will be presented with numerous different amounts in orbs where the orbs will spin around the Panda. The values will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. Keep picking from flowers to spin the orbs and collect big money prizes until COLLECT is revealed. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for BIG MONEY Bonus), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active except Panda Warrior Free Spins where 40 winlines are always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active except Panda Warrior Free Spins where 40 winlines are always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP: 96.15% Last modification date: 7/19/2022