Long Xing Da Da Long Xing Da Da Combo Frenz Introduction Introducing Long Xing Da Da Combo Frenzy™, featuring 6 different Bonus Spins Rounds with Wild multipliers, and offering cash wins and Jackpot wins on top of 243 winning ways! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available bets from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms 3, 4, or 5 matching symbols, excluding Rocket symbols, on one of the win ways starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game and in Bonus Spins, and substitute for other symbols excluding Rocket symbols. In Bonus Spins, Wild symbols will have x2, x3, or x4 multipliers depending on the triggered Bonus Spins Round. If two or more Wilds land on the reels in the same spin, their multiplier values will be added together before applying to any winning ways they form a part of. Rocket Symbols and Bonus Pots There are 3 Bonus Pots in the game: The Blue Dragon Pot The Green Dragon Pot The Red Dragon Pot Blue, green, or red Rocket symbols can appear on any reel in the main game. When 1 or more Rocket symbols land in view in the main game, a Bonus Pot(s) of a corresponding colour may be triggered. In the main game, any Rocket in view may randomly award a cash win from 2 to 15 x bet. 4 or 5 Rocket symbols in view will guarantee the triggering of 1 or more respective Bonus Pots. When a Bonus Pot or several Bonus Pots are triggered, the corresponding Bonus is awarded. Only red Rocket symbols can appear on any reel in any Bonus Spins Round. The visual changes of the Bonus Pot do not affect triggering the Bonus. Red Dragon Jackpot Wheel The Red Dragon Jackpot Wheel is awarded if the red Pot is triggered. During the Bonus round, 1 Jackpot Wheel spin is awarded. The following Jackpots can be won on the Jackpot Wheel: Grand (2000 x bet), Mega (1000 x bet), Major (200 x bet), Minor (50 x bet), Mini (20 x bet). The Red Dragon Jackpot Wheel will start and stop automatically after 10 seconds of inactivity. Bonus Spins Rounds It is possible to trigger multiple Bonus Pots (up to one of each type) in the same main game spin, this would award a Combo Bonus. If the awarded Combo Bonus includes the Red Dragon Jackpot Wheel, the Jackpot Wheel is always played before the Bonus Spins start. The type of Combo Bonus awarded depends on the colour of the triggered Pots. Triggering any Bonus Spins Round awards 7 Bonus Spins. The game features 6 different Bonus Spins Rounds (including 4 Combo Bonuses): The Blue Dragon Bonus Spins are awarded if the blue Pot is triggered. Each Wild symbol that lands in view will have an x2 multiplier. The Green Dragon Bonus Spins are awarded if the green Pot is triggered. Each Wild symbol that lands in view will have an x3 multiplier. Super Bonus Spins are awarded if blue and green Pots are triggered. Each Wild symbol that lands in view will have an x4 multiplier. Ultra Bonus Spins are awarded if blue and red Pots are triggered. 1 Jackpot Wheel spin is awarded. Each Wild symbol that lands in view will have an x2 multiplier. Supreme Bonus Spins are awarded if green and red Pots are triggered. 1 Jackpot Wheel spin is awarded. Each Wild symbol that lands in view will have an x3 multiplier. Ultimate Bonus Spins are awarded if blue, green, and red Pots are triggered. 1 Jackpot Wheel spin is awarded. Each Wild symbol that lands in view will have an x4 multiplier. During Bonus Spins, any red Rocket in view may randomly trigger the Red Dragon Jackpot Wheel and awards one of the following prizes: 1 or 2 extra bonus spins. Cash wins from 0.25 to 50 x bet. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will pause if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins and resume on returning to the Main Game. Auto Play will stop if you reach any set Loss Limit, Win Limit, or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. If the game is played in Autoplay Mode, the Red Dragon Jackpot Wheel will start spinning and stop automatically after 10 seconds of player's inactivity. Payout Information and Game Rules All winning combinations are added together. Cash wins and Jackpot prizes are paid in addition to reel wins. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel (243 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP - 94.25% Last modification date: 1/6/2026