Almighty 777 Deluxe Jackpot Royale Express Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols (Starting with the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. All Wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. Triple 7 Symbol The Triple 7 symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for the red double 7 symbol. The Triple 7 symbol cannot substitute for any other symbols. The Triple 7 symbol can multiply the double 7 wins by up to x5. The Triple 7 symbol can also multiply the triple 7 wins by up to x5. Only one Triple 7 multiplier can be active on any spin. Auto Play(subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (5 lines always active) MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 3/5/2025