Cashpots Blazinator Cashpots Blazinator™ Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If any winning combination appears on any win line, then you win. Wins are paid for 3 or more matching symbols on consecutive adjacent reels. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 1 or more Scatter Symbol in view awards Cashpots Spins. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. MONEY Scatter Symbol MONEY Scatter Symbols can only be awarded via the Mystery Symbol (excluding the bonus). MONEY Scatter Symbol wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. The MONEY Scatter Symbol can award a cash prize (from 1x - 50x base stake) or one of the cashpots. Any MONEY Scatter Symbol will trigger Cashpots Spins. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-10x, MINOR-25x, MAJOR-100x, MEGA-1000x Base Stake. To be awarded a cashpot, the Scatter Symbol has to show the matching cashpot name or be achieved through a full window of cash prizes during the Cashpots Spins feature. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same feature. Cashpots Spins At the start of Cashpots Spins, the triggering Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin inidually with only MONEY Scatters, Cashpot Scatters and Fireballs symbols are active. The player has 3 spins to land in additional Money, Cashpot and Fireball Symbols. Each new Money, Cashpot and Fireball Symbol landing in view will lock in place and reset the remaining spins to 3. Landing a Money Symbol will award the prize shown. Landing a Cashpot Symbol will award the matching cashpot. Landing a Fireball Symbol will collect all cash values in view. Filling all the reel positions with any mix of Money, Cashpot, and Fireball Symbols will fill the reels with MEGA Cashpot Symbols and award a Mega Cashpot prize. At the end of Cashpots Spins, the player is awarded the value of all Cash displayed in view on the active reels. FORTUNE PLAY (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) The player can choose to play FORTUNE PLAY at any time by pressing the FORTUNE PLAY button. They can choose to play at 10x their Total Bet. This activates additional reel sets and a special Mystery Symbol which can transfer to other reel sets. The player can change their Fortune Bet at the end of each Spin, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). Payout Information and Game Rules Wins on different pay-lines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 4/15/2025