Crazy Chilli Crazy Chilli™ Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the left most reel on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter, COLLECT and CASH symbols. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the COLLECT Chilli Bottle symbol is active. During any spin where a Chilli cash symbol lands in view on reels 1-4, if a COLLECT Chilli Bottle Scatter symbol lands in view on reel 5 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Chilli Bottle symbol will expand to cover the 5th reel and collect the cash values shown on the Chilli cash symbols (Cash values range from 1x - 20x Bet). Collecting one of the four fixed cashpot prizes awards the relevant prize displayed on screen (Mini: 10xbet; Minor: 25xbet; Major: 100xbet; Mega: 2000xbet). Available Coin cash symbol outcomes: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and MEGA (Multiplied by Total Bet). Once COLLECT Chilli Bottle has collected any Chilli cash symbols on a spin in the main game, a new RESPIN Chilli Bottle symbol is unlocked in the main game and free spins. RESPIN Chilli Bottle will collect any cash symbols in view before holding the RESPIN Chilli Bottle in place and respinning the first 4 reels. Any new Cash Symbols that land in view are also collected by the RESPIN Chilli Bottle. Once RESPIN Chilli Bottle has collected any Chilli cash symbols on a spin in the main game, a new BOOST Chilli Bottle symbol is unlocked in the main game and free spins. BOOST Chilli Bottle will boost any cash symbols in view by up to 5x bet and then proceed to collect any cash symbols. Once BOOST Chilli Bottle has collected any Chilli cash symbols on a spin in the main game, a new SUPER COLLECT Chilli Bottle symbol is unlocked in the main game and free spins. SUPER COLLECT Chilli Bottle will collect any cash symbols in view up to 5 times. When all four Chilli Bottle collect symbols have been unlocked, they remain active in the main game and free spins from that point onwards. Super Spicy Free Spins 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 will trigger the Super Spicy Free Spins Bonus. 3 Bonus symbols in view awards 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins any unlocked Chilli Bottle collect Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a Chilli Bottle collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Chilli cash symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 3 Chilli Bottle symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Chilli Cash symbols the Chilli Bottle collects. Collecting 6 Chilli Bottle symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Chilli Cash symbols the Chilli Bottle collects. Collecting 9 Chilli Bottle symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Chilli Cash symbols the Chilli Bottle collects. Collecting 12 Chilli Bottle symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Chilli Cash symbols the Chilli Bottle collects. Free Spins continue until all Free Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Free Spins are played automatically at the same number of lines and bet per line as the initiating game. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). Chilli Cash value symbols are a multiplier of the player's base game total bet. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 8/20/2024