Almighty 7's Fortune Play Almighty 7's™ Fortune Play Player Instructions Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols (Starting with the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. If the combination of symbols on the reels forms a line of any 3 Seven symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. All Wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. Wild Symbol The Wild 7 symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for the normal 7 symbol. The Wild 7 symbol cannot substitute for any other symbols. Fortune Play The player can choose to play FORTUNE PLAY at any time by pressing the FORTUNE PLAY button. They can choose to play at 20x their Total Bet. This activates additional reel sets and the wild symbol can transfer to other reel sets. During Fortune Play the Wild 7 symbol is upgraded to substitute all symbols. The player can change their Fortune Bet at the end of each Spin, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Wins on different paylines are added. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 4/20/2023