Flaming Hot Chilli Pot Jackpot Royale Express Introduction Introducing Flaming Hot Chilli Pot™ Jackpot Royale Express™, our 50 line 5x4 online slot featuring Cash on Reels, Bonus Spins and the Chilli Cash Feature with Expanding Reels. Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 BONUS Scatter Symbols in view will trigger the Bonus Spins Feature in the Main Game. 4 or more Chilli Cash symbols in view will trigger the Chilli Cash Feature. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can appear on any reel in the Main Game and Bonus Spins. Wild symbols are stacked and substitute for all symbols except Bonus Scatter and Chilli Cash symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Chilli Cash Symbols 4 or more Chilli Cash symbols in view in Main Game or Bonus Spins awards a Chilli Cash Feature at the triggering Heat Level. Chilli Cash symbols can appear on any reels Main Game and Bonus Spins. Available Chilli Cash Symbols are: 0.10x - 5.00x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet) Heat Levels Chilli Cash symbols landing on the reels in view are collected on the Cauldron in view, in the Main Game. On first play, the game will start with the Heat Level set to MILD. On any spin where a Chilli Cash symbol is collected, there is a chance for the current heat level on the Cauldron to upgrade. There are 5 heat levels in the game. The heat level will determine the number of Chilli Cash symbols that are added to the reels at the start of the Chilli Cash Feature. The Chilli Cash symbols are either placed on an empty symbol position or placed on top of an existing Chilli Cash symbol by adding the values together. The range of number of Chilli Cash symbols added per heat level are as follows: Heat Level Number of Chilli Cash symbols added MILD 5 to 9 SPICY 9 to 13 HOT 12 to 16 EXTRA HOT 15 to 19 FLAMING HOT 18 to 25 Triggering the Chilli Cash feature from Main Game will reset the Heat Level back to MILD. Bonus Spins will always trigger the Chilli Cash Feature with the heat level at FLAMING HOT. Triggering the Chilli Cash Feature from Bonus Spins will not reset the Heat Level in Main Game. The current heat level in the game will have no effect on the chance of triggering the Chilli Cash Feature. Chilli Toss At the start of any Main Game spin, there is a chance for the Cauldron to toss from 2 to 10 Chilli Cash Symbols on the reels. The tossed Chilli Cash symbols will stay in place and can contribute to triggering the Chilli Cash Feature. Chilli Cash Feature The player is always awarded 10 Chilli Spins. At the beginning of Chilli Cash Feature there are 4 locked rows of symbols. A special reel may land a Cauldron Collect symbol. Landing a Cauldron Collect symbol will unlock a row of symbols from bottom to top where any possible. Landing a Cauldron Collect symbol in view will collect all values of Chilli symbols in unlocked positions and any values on other Cauldron Collect symbols in view. Landing a Cauldron Collect symbol will award 2 extra spins to the player. A maximum of 5 Cauldron Collect symbols can land in during the Chilli Cash Feature. The Chilli Cash feature ends when you use all Bonus Spins or when there is a Chilli Cash symbol or a Cauldron Collect symbol in every position. The total win in the Chilli Cash Feature is the total sum of all the values on the unlocked Chilli Cash symbols and Cauldron Collect symbols in view at the end of the feature. Bonus Scatter Symbol 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 10 Bonus Spins. Bonus Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in Main Game. Bonus Spins Low paying symbols are removed from the reels in Bonus Spins. 3 or less Chilli Cash symbols in view will award their respective values in a Bonus Spin. 4 or more Chilli Cash symbols in view will trigger the Chilli Cash Feature. Bonus Spins cannot be retriggered. The Base Stake used to trigger the Bonus Spins will be used for the duration of Bonus Spins. At the end of Bonus Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Autoplay will pause if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins and resume on returning to the Main Game. Autoplay will stop if you reach any set win limit, Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). You can stop Autoplay from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Win frequency, volatility and level progression may vary depending on the number of games played. Payouts are multiplied by the stake. Wins on different paylines are added. Base stake is defined as the amount required to initiate a standard game round. This excludes additional wagers such as side bets, mid-game wagers or bonus buys if applicable. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel (50 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. All wins are paid in accordance with the paytable. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 9/16/2025