Jackpot Royale Full House INTRODUCTION Jackpot Royale Full House™ is a 5x5 grid game where completing lines means Prizes! Reach the top of the Prize Ladder for your chance to win BIG! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. You have 5 Spins to land Winning Symbols in view and complete prize lines, the more prize lines you make the better the reward offered. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. After 5 spins you may be offered the option to buy Extra Spins to continue the game. Press COLLECT to claim the current prize. The price for the Extra Spin is shown on the spin button. Coin Modifier During any base game spin, a coin can land in view. The player must pick 1 of 4 icons to reveal a prize. +1 = 1 Extra Game +2 = 2 Extra Games +3 = 3 Extra Games SUPER = 1 Extra symbol MEGA = 2 Extra symbols ULTRA = 3 Extra symbols Wheel King = Wheel King The triggering symbol will transform into the WIN symbol. Prize Ladder Achieving 1 or more prize lines awards a Cash prize. Achieving a Full House awards Wheel King. Wheel King Wheel King is part of the Jackpot Royale Pot System. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Payout Information and Game Rules There are 12 Prize Lines and 11 awards on the paytable (the last position on the grid will always award at least 2 Prize Lines). Wheel King and the Jackpot Royale Pot System is paid using the initial bet staked (excluding any additional costs staked). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 4/5/2023