Deal Or No Deal: Thunder Spins Deal Or No Deal: Thunder Spins™ INTRODUCTION Deal Or No Deal: Thunder Spins™ is a 5x3 online slot based on the truly iconic gameshow, featuring the Deal Or No Deal bonus round and Thunder Spins. 6 or more MONEY Symbols in view awards Thunder Spins and a chance to win the Jackpot! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Deal Or No Deal Bonus. 6 or more MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Thunder Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. BONUS Scatter The BONUS Scatter Symbol can only appear on reel 1, 3 and 5. BONUS Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Deal Or No Deal Bonus. Deal Or No Deal After a short screen transition the player will be presented with the Deal Or No Deal Studio, with different cash prizes. The player chooses a lucky case then plays a real game of Deal Or No Deal against the banker. At the end of every round he will make an offer and it is up to the player to Deal Or No Deal. If at any point the Deal is taken, there is a chance the Banker can award Thunder Spins in addition to the cash offer. Thunder Spins are played out after the Deal Or No Deal feature. MONEY Scatter (Silver Case) MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. MONEY Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 6 or more MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Thunder Spins. Available MONEY symbol outcomes: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, MINI, MAJOR and MEGA (Multiplied by Total Bet). Thunder Spins At the start of Thunder Spins the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin using special Thunder Spins reels which only contain MONEY Scatter Symbols or blank symbols. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Blank Symbols have no value. Landing only blank symbols 3 times in a row, or filling every position with MONEY Scatter Symbols will end Thunder Spins. At the end of Thunder Spins, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Landing any CASHPOT MONEY SYMBOL (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value. Fill every window position during Thunder Spins to be awarded the JACKPOT! Thunder Spins Gold Thunder Spins Gold is awarded by revealing the Thunder Spins Gold feature in your case when playing to the end of the Deal Or NO Deal feature. The player has 3 spins to be awarded MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will add the win to the Thunder Win panel. Every MONEY Scatter Symbol will add to the Thunder Win regardless of the number that land in view and do not hold over between spins. At the end of Thunder Spins Gold, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Landing any CASHPOT MONEY SYMBOL (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value. Available MONEY symbol outcomes: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, MINI, MAJOR and MEGA (Multiplied by Total Bet). Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/24/2024