Kong Even Bigger Bananas Xmas Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of matching symbols starting from the left-most reel on any of the ways, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding Collect Kong SCATTER SYMBOL, Bonus Scatter and Cash Prize symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild symbols are active on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 only. Cashpots 3 Cashpots are available within the game. The Cashpots are shown on Golden Barrel Cash Symbols. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-20x, MAJOR-200x, MEGA-1000x base stake. Cashpots are only paid when being collected by the COLLECT kong Scatter symbol. Multiple Cashpots can be won on the same game. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the COLLECT Kong SCATTER SYMBOL is active only on reel 6 until any further upgrades. This game features 3 Cash Prize symbols: Banana, Golden Monkey and Golden Barrel symbols. During any spin where a Cash Prize symbol lands in view, if a COLLECT Kong Scatter symbol lands in view on reel 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The COLLECT Kong Scatter symbol will expand to cover the 6th reel and collect the cash values shown on the Cash Prize symbols. Dual Collect: Once THE COLLECT Kong SCATTER SYMBOL has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new COLLECT Kong Scatter symbol is unlocked in the main game and Kong Bonus Spins on reel 1 as well as reel 6. Lock & Spin: Once the COLLECT Kong SCATTER SYMBOL on reels 1 or 6 has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new LOCK & SPIN Kong symbol is unlocked in the main game and Kong Bonus Spins on reels 1 and 6. Any initiating Cash Prize symbols are held in position whilst active reels re-spin. This continues until no new Cash Prize symbols land in view. It is not possible to get two Lock & Spin Collect symbols on the same spin. Cash Boost: Once LOCK & SPIN Kong has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new CASH BOOST Kong symbol is unlocked on reels 1 and 6 in the main game and Kong Bonus Spins. CASH BOOST Kong will boost all Cash Prize symbols in view by up to 5x bet and then proceed to collect each Cash Prize symbol. Once CASH BOOST Kong has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new GOLDEN MONKEY symbol is unlocked in the main game and Kong Bonus Spins. On any spin where COLLECT Kong Scatter symbol will collect a Cash Prize symbol, if a GOLDEN MONKEY symbol is in view, it will accumulate the value of any Cash Prize symbols in view before being collected along with all the Cash Prize symbols in view. When all three COLLECT Kong SCATTER SYMBOLS and Golden Monkey symbols have been unlocked, they remain active in the main game and Kong Bonus Spins from that point onwards. Kong bonus Spins 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger Kong Bonus Spins. Once triggered, 10 Kong bonus Spins are awarded. During Kong Bonus Spins any unlocked COLLECT Kong Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a COLLECT Kong Scatter symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each cash prize symbol that also lands in view. Collecting any 3 COLLECT Kong Scatter symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols collected. Collecting any 6 COLLECT Kong Scattert symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols collected. Collecting any 9 COLLECT Kong Scatter symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols collected. Collecting any 12 COLLECT Kong Scatter symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols collected. Kong bonus Spins continue until all Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Go Bananas In the main game, on every spin where any Cash Prize symbols lands in view, they are added to the sack above the reels. The sack can animate, awarding the player the chance to PICK A PRIZE, triggering one of the following modifiers: BANANA COLLECT - Collects all Cash Prize symbols on the reels, paying the combined cash value of the symbols in view. COLLECT BOOST – Adds a Collect symbol to either reel 1, reel 6 or to both reels (depending on the types of Collect symbols active), guaranteeing a cash collect win. BANANA BOOST – Adds extra cash prize symbols onto the reels. BONUS – Triggers Kong Bonus Spins. MULTI ADD – Adds a number of cash prize symbols and collect kong SCATTER SYMBOLS- depending on the types of Collect symbols active (excluding Lock & Spin), to the reels guaranteeing a win. It can add a mixture of different symbols at the same time. WIN SPIN – Adds a number of Kong top symbols to the reels, guaranteeing a win. Power Play The player can choose to play POWER PLAY at any time by pressing the POWER PLAY button. The player can choose to play at 5x their Base Stake. During POWER PLAY only Cash prize symbols, COLLECT Kong SCATTER SYMBOLS and Bonus symbols are in play. If Kong bonus Spins are triggered during POWER PLAY, only Cash prize and COLLECT Kong SCATTER SYMBOLS are active. All COLLECT kong SCATTER SYMBOLS are active during Power Play. The player can change their Stake at any time by pressing the stake button, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Kong Bonus Spins, if you reach the set Win Limit, Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Win frequency, volatility and level progression may vary depending on the number of games played Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Kong Bonus Spins are played on the same number of ways and Base bet as the triggering game. Available Cash symbols range from 0.5x to 15x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). The collection feature in the game is for visual purposes only and does not influence games outcomes (Go Bananas). RTP:94% MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 12/2/2025