Legacy of Gods Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The symbols will be removed and new symbols will cascade onto the reels. If 8 or more matching symbols appear in view, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels (excluding scatter symbols). Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Win Multipliers Multiplier Symbols are active during the Base Game and Legacy Spins. During any spin, Multiplier Symbols can land in view to increase any wins accumulated. The Multiplier Symbols appearing in view during any winning cascade, can show a multiplier ranging from x2 to x100. Once no more winning cascades are achieved, the values of any Multiplier symbols in view are added together. This value then multiplies the total awarded from the winning cascades. Legacy Spins 4 or more Bonus Symbols in view awards 15 Legacy spins and a cash prize. During Legacy Spins, if the Multiplier Symbols land in view with a win, then the win will be multiplied by the Multiplier Symbols and then held over in the Multiplier Bank for the remaining Legacy spins. On any future Legacy Spins, if the Multiplier Symbol lands in view with a win, then the win will be multiplied by the Multiplier Symbols and the Multiplier Bank added together. Any winning Multiplier Symbol landing in view will add to the Multiplier Bank after the win has been paid. Any losing Multiplier Symbols landing in view won't be added to the Multiplier Bank. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view during Legacy spins awards 5 additional Legacy Spins. Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the player can choose from 2 options. Buy Legacy spins, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating Legacy spins. Legacy spins: costs x100 bet. Buy Super Legacy spins, the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 4 scatter symbols, activating Super Legacy spins. Any multipliers that land in view during Super Legacy spins are accumulative. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view during Super Legacy spins awards 5 additional Super Legacy Spins. Super Legacy spins: costs x350 bet. Extra Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Extra Bet can be activated during the Base Game. While active the chance of triggering a bonus is increased. The Extra Bet is played at the cost of an additional 0.25x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins, if you reach the set Win Limit, Loss Limit, or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules All winning combinations are added together. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 7/15/2025