Almighty Beast Big Money Jackpot Royale Almighty Beast™ Big Money Jackpot Royale™ Introduction Introducing Almighty Beast™ Big Money Jackpot Royale™, our 50 line 5x4 online slot featuring Cash on Reels, Bonus Spins and the Cash Feature with Expanding Reels. Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 BONUS Scatter Symbols in view will trigger the Bonus Spins Bonus in the Main Game. 4 or more Coin Cash symbols in view will trigger the Cash Feature. wild symbol The Wild symbol can appear on any reel in the base game and Bonus Spins. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter and Coin Cash symbols. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Bonus Scatter Symbol 3 Bonus symbols in view awards 10 Bonus Spins. Bonus Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in Base Game. Bonus Spins Low paying symbols are removed in Bonus Spins. Any Coin Cash symbol in view will directly pay in Bonus Spins unless there are 4 or more Coin Cash symbols in view. 4 or more Coin Cash symbols in view will trigger the Cash Feature. Bonus Spins cannot be retriggered. The Base Stake used to trigger the Bonus Spins will be used for the duration of Bonus Spins. At the end of Bonus Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Available cash symbols: 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 25x, 50x, 100x, MINI - 10x, MINOR - 25x, MAJOR - 250x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet) Cash Feature The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional Coin Cash symbols in view. Coin Cash symbols will carry cash values or Cash Pot prizes. Landing a Coin Cash symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Collecting a certain number of Coin Cash symbols will unlock the next row above, with a maximum of 4 additional rows available to be unlocked. If the feature is triggered with 8 or more Coin Cash symbols, the first additional row is unlocked immediately. Coin Cash symbols EXTRA ROWS 8 1 12 2 16 3 20 4 Landing in no Coin Cash symbols 3 times in a row will end the Cash Feature. All symbols bar Coin Cash symbols will be dimmed down during the cash feature and will not be active. They will not pay out if a winning combo is achieved in this feature. Available cash symbols: 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 25x, 50x, 100x, MINI - 10x, MINOR - 25x, MAJOR - 250x, MEGA - 2500x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet) Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal, then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will pause if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins and resume on returning to the Main Game. Auto Play will stop if you reach any set Win Limit, Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. Wins on different pay-lines are added. Base stake is defined as the amount required to initiate a standard game round. This excludes additional wagers such as side bets, mid-game wagers or bonus buys if applicable. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (50 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/18/2025