Prize Miner Gold Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win ways, then you win. Any winning ways you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild symbols on reels 1 and 2 with at least 1 MONEY Scatter Symbol in view on reel 3 awards Gold Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Wilds are only available on reels 1 and 2. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and MONEY symbols. MONEY Scatter MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on reels 3, 4, 5 and 6 in any position. MONEY Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. Gold Spins At the start of Gold Spins the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin individually with only MONEY and Diamond Scatter Symbols being active. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Landing in no MONEY Scatter Symbols 3 times in a row, or filling every position with MONEY Scatter Symbols will end Gold Spins. Collecting any number of Diamond Scatter Symbols will trigger the Super Spins bonus, which is played out after the Gold Spins bonus. At the end of Gold Spins, the player is awarded the value of the MONEY symbols displayed in view. Available MONEY symbols: 1x - 100x Total Bet. Super Spins Landing MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will add the win to the Bonus Win panel. Every MONEY Scatter Symbol will add to the Bonus Win regardless of the number that land in view and do not hold over between spins. On every spin a win multiplier will appear over reels 1 and 2, multiplying any MONEY symbols by up to x10. At the end of Super Spins, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Available MONEY symbols: 1x - 20x Total Bet Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (2304 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 12/31/2024