Big Jungle Bonanza Jackpot Royale Express Big Jungle Bonanza™ Jackpot Royale Express Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance Wild Symbol Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter, Collect Kong and Cash symbols. Cash Collect During any spin where a Cash symbol lands in view, if a Collect Kong symbol lands in view on reels 1 or 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Collect Kong symbol will expand to cover the reel and collect the Cash values shown on the Cash symbols. HIT THE DECKS: Collects all values in view. REMIX: Any initiating Cash values are held in position whilst active reels re-spin. This continues until no new Cash symbols land in view. It is not possible to get two REMIX Collect symbols on the same Spin. UP THE BASS: Boosts any Cash symbols in view by up to 5x bet and then proceeds to collect any Cash symbols. GOLDEN MONKEY: On any spin, where a Collect Kong will trigger, if a GOLDEN MONKEY symbol is in view, it will accumulate the value of any Cash values in view before being collected along with all the Cash symbols in view, by the Collect Kong Symbol. Jungle Bonanza Bonus 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger the Jungle Bonanza Bonus. Choose from one of two bonus features, each with their own unique upgrade. Pump It Up Spins Once triggered, 10 Spins are awarded. On any spin where a Collect Kong symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Cash symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 3 Collect Kong symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash symbols Kong collects. Collecting 6 Collect Kong symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash symbols Kong collects. Collecting 9 Collect Kong symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash symbols Kong collects. Collecting 12 Collect Kong symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash symbols Kong collects. Pump It Up Spins continue until all Pump It Up Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Mixmaster Spins Once triggered, 8 Spins are awarded. During Mixmaster Spins, the Cash, Golden Monkey and Collect Kong symbols are removed from the reels. Any special Kong top symbols that land in view (holding a medallion) adds to the symbol trail next to the reels. Filling the 10 stage trail around a symbol will upgrade symbols to the Kong top paying symbol and award 1 extra Spin. During Mixmaster Spins, 2 or more Bonus Scatters will award extra Spins: 2 Bonus Scatters = 4 extra Spins. 3 Bonus Scatters = 6 extra Spins. 4 Bonus Scatters = 8 extra Spins. 5 Bonus Scatters = 10 extra Spins. 6 Bonus Scatters = 12 extra Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the feature will be used for the feature duration. Mixmaster Spins continue until all Mixmaster Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Bonus Feature Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. Available Cash symbols range from 0.5x to 250x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Month/Day/Year:12/05/2024v5.0