Smash Hammer Gold Game Rules And Information Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available bets from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Triple Gold Sevens, Double Bells, and a Golden Horseshoe are high-paying symbols. All fruit and berry symbols are low-paying symbols. 3 Hammer Scatter symbols in view or hitting the 5th and final segment of the Streak Meter in the Gold Smash Streak feature will trigger the Golden Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game, Golden Spins Bonus, and during the Gold Smash Streak feature. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Hammer Scatter symbols and Cash Pot symbols. Cash Pot Symbols 3 Cash Pot symbols are available within the game. Cash Pot symbols can appear on any reel in the Golden Spins Bonus and during a cascade in a Gold Smash Streak feature spin in the main game. Each Cash Pot symbol has its own Cash Pot award: MEGA – 500x, MAJOR – 25x, Fireball – 10x Bet. Multiple Cash Pots can be won during the Golden Spin or Gold Smash Streak cascade, with a maximum of 1 Cash Pot per reel and 1 Mega Cash Pot per Golden Spin or cascade in a Gold Smash Streak feature spin. Hammer Scatter Symbol The Hammer Scatter symbol can appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the main game and the Gold Smash Streak feature, with a maximum of 1 symbol per reel. 3 Hammer Scatters in view in the main game will trigger the Golden Spins Bonus. If this happens while the Gold Smash Streak Feature is active, the Streak Meter will not increment but will be saved upon return to the main game. In the main game, 1 or 2 Hammer Scatter symbols in view have a random chance to trigger the Gold Smash Streak feature. Landing 2 Hammer Scatters has an increased chance of triggering the feature compared to landing 1 Hammer Scatter. Gold Smash Streak Feature During the Gold Smash Streak feature trigger: All low-paying symbols shall disappear after the win evaluation and new high-paying, Wild, and Cash Pot symbols only, will cascade down from the top. The reels are then re-evaluated for additional winning combinations. The Streak Meter is activated, and its first position is unlocked. The Gold Smash Streak feature is guaranteed to be extended by landing 1 or 2 Hammer Scatters on the next spin. If the feature is extended, the sequence of actions will be played out as in the spin that triggered the feature, and the Streak Meter will be incremented by 1. If this happens 5 times consecutively, including the triggering spin, then the Streak Meter resets and disappears and the Golden Spins Bonus is triggered. If the spin that follows the triggering spin returns 3 Hammer Scatters, the Gold Smash Streak feature is paused, no cascade happens, the Streak Meter is not incremented, and the game will enter the Golden Spins Bonus. If this spin returns no Hammer Scatters, then the Streak Meter resets and disappears and the spin is treated like a normal main game spin in terms of win handling and game flow. Golden Spins Bonus 3 Hammer Scatter symbols in view or hitting the 5th and final segment of the Streak Meter in the Gold Smash Streak feature will trigger the Golden Spins Bonus. 8 Golden Spins are awarded during the Golden Spins Bonus. Only high-paying, Wild, and Cash Pot symbols can land on the reels in the Golden Spins Bonus. During the Golden Spins Bonus, high-paying and Wild symbols have a chance to appear as Colossal symbols. High paying Colossal symbols can cover multiple reels and reel positions and can be of the following sizes: 2x2, 3x3, 4x4. Wild Colossal symbols can cover multiple reels and reel positions and can be of the following sizes: 2x2 or 3x3. Colossal symbols payout according to the positions they cover like regular symbols. The Golden Spins Bonus is played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game. At the end of the Golden Spins Bonus, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account, and regular play will then resume. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will pause if you get into any bonus round including Golden Spins and resume on returning to the Main Game. Auto Play will stop if you reach any set Win Limit, Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel (40 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP - 94.13% Last modification date: 12/9/2025