Super Lucky frog INTRODUCTION Super Lucky Frog is a 5-reel 20-line slot with a Free Spins Bonus! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Matching 3 or more Bonus Symbols during any game awards the Bonus. Wild If the player achieves a Reel win on any win line using a Wild Symbol, they are awarded a multiplier ranging from x2 to x10. This will appear from the Wild Symbol and be applied to the Reel win to give the total win. Only 1 Multiplier is used to work out the total Reel award, irrespective of how many Wild symbols are used to make up the Reel win. If numerous line wins use a WILD symbol then each winning line is multiplied by the same multiplier value. WILD SUBSTITUTES ALL WINS EXCEPT WILD ITSELF OR SCATTER, AND MULTIPLIES BY X2 - X10. WILD FACTOR IS ACTIVE DURING STANDARD AND FREE SPINS. WILD ONLY WINS ARE IGNORED WHEN THE AVERAGE WIN WITH A WILD MULTIPLIER WOULD PAY MORE. Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols awards the Bonus. The Free Spins Bonus is a Take your Pick style feature that allows the player to pick and reveal their free spins and multiplier values. The player selects a symbol to reveal their number of Free Spins before going to the Free Spins Reels. Once the player has used their free spins, they choose another symbol to reveal a Free Spins multiplier which then multiplies the amount won from Free Spins to give the Player’s Total win. Free Spins can retrigger during the Free Spins Feature. If during Free Spins another set of Free Spin Symbols appear in view, the player is awarded the same amount of Spins they gained from the initiating bonus. For example, if the player gained 20 Free Spins, getting a further Free Spins award would give them a further 20 Free Spins (irrespective of the number of scatter symbols). All wins awarded during Free Spins are multiplied by the value revealed behind the symbol at the end of the Free Spins Feature. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Malfunction voids plays and pays.