The Goonies Megaways Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your awards will be credited to your account balance. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding Scatter, Cash Collect, Cash, Cashpot and Fortune Wheel symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Hey You Guys Hey You Guys can be triggered randomly during any spin, awarding one of the following modifiers: Hidden Treasure - Randomly adds Cash symbols to the reels. Bonus Boost - Additional Bonus symbols will be added to the reels. Dynamite Blast - Dynamites are thrown onto the reels, upgrading symbols to the top symbol and/or wild symbols. Cave In - Symbols are removed from the reels and new symbols drop in to award a win . Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-20x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-200x, MEGA-1000x base stake. Cashpots are only paid when being collected by the COLLECT symbol. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same game. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the Cash Collect symbol is active. During any spin where a Cash symbol lands in view on reels 1-6, if a Cash Collect Scatter symbol lands in view on reel 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Cash Collect symbol will expand to cover the 6th reel and collect the cash values shown on the Cash symbols. Landing any Cashpot Symbol (MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value. Any COLLECT symbols that land in view increment the unlock trail. Reach a special Icon on the unlock trail to activate a new part of the game. 2 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks DUAL COLLECT in the main game and One Eyed Willy's Free Spins, making any COLLECT symbols active on reels 1 and 6. 5 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks STREAK COLLECT in the main game and One Eyed Willy's Free Spins. STREAK COLLECT will hold any Cash symbols in view before the reels start to respin. Any new Cash symbols that land in view will be held and another respin will occur. The reels keep respinning until the win is no longer improved and then all Cash is collected by the STREAK Collect. 8 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks BOOST COLLECT in the main game and One Eyed Willy's Free Spins. BOOST COLLECT will boost any Cash symbols in view by up to 5x bet and then proceed to collect any cash symbols. 12 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks MULTI-X COLLECT in the main game and One Eyed Willy's Free Spins. MULTI-X COLLECT will collect any Cash symbols in view up to 5 times. 17 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks FORTUNE WHEEL in the main game and One Eyed Willy's Free Spins. If any COLLECT symbol lands in view along with the FORTUNE WHEEL symbol, a ship's wheel will appear and spin in either a cashpot or a mystery win prize (the mystery win prize is based on a multiplier of the player's total bet ranging from 5x - 10x total bet). The outcome is then awarded to the player along with any other collection awards in view. 20 COLLECT symbols achieved unlocks TREASURE BLITZ SUPER SPIN. When all unlocks have been achieved, they remain active in the main game and One Eyed Willy's Free Spins from that point onwards. Bonus 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger bonus. Choose either One Eyed Willy's Free Spins or Treasure Blitz Super Spin. Treasure Blitz Super Spin is only available when reaching the end of the unlock trail. One Eyed Willy's Free Spins One Eyed Willy's Free Spins are always triggered with 10 spins. During One Eyed Willy's Free Spins any unlocked Cash collect Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a Cash collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Cash symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 3 Cash Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash collects. Collecting 6 Cash Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash collects. Collecting 9 Cash Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash collects. Collecting 12 Cash Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash collects. One Eyed Willy's Free Spins continue until all Spins are used and the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Treasure Blitz Super Spin Treasure Blitz Super Spin is always triggered with 1 spin and the player must collect enough symbols to get additional spins. The Treasure Blitz Super Spin feature is played at the maximum reel size of 6x5. During Treasure Blitz Super Spin, only Cash, Cashpot, Collect and Fortune Wheel symbols are active on the reels, with a Collect symbol guaranteed to land in view on each spin. Each time a Cash, Cashpot or Fortune Wheel symbol lands in view, it will add to the Retrigger Trail. On the initial Super Spin, collecting 13 Cash, Cashpot or Fortune Wheel symbols will award the Pick a Key option. On the 1st retrigger, collecting 14 Cash, Cashpot or Fortune Wheel symbols will award the Pick a Key option. On any future retriggers, collecting 15 Cash, Cashpot or Fortune Wheel symbols will award the Pick a Key option. Pick a Key will award an extra super spin and a multiplier up to x10 Treasure Blitz Super Spins continue until the retrigger trail isn't completed and the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Wins on different win ways are added. All pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the left most reel. Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. One Eyed Willy's Free Spins are played on the same Total Bet as the triggering game. Available Cash symbols: 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, MINI-20x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-200x, MEGA-1000x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 2/4/2025