Thriller Gorilla INTRODUCTION Thriller Gorilla is a 5-reel 20-line slot which is pure monkey madness. The game has 5 Kongtastic features as well as the BIG MON K EY, where you can win up to 1000xTotal Bet - top bananas! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET.Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards The Thriller Gorilla Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Barrel Blast during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus awards the Barrel Blast Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Thriller Gorilla Trail during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus awards the Thriller Gorilla Trail Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Empire Free Spins during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus awards the Empire Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Golden Gorilla Free Spins during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus awards the Golden Gorilla Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on BIG MON K EY during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus awards the BIG MON K EY Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Banana Cannon Wilds, Empire Spin Roaming Wilds, and Standard Wilds. Sleepy Kong If Kong wakes from his slumber during any game there is a chance the Sleepy Kong Bonus can be triggered. Kong will leap from his throne, where he can and award one of the following features: - Banana Cannon Wilds - Whilst the reels spin Kong shall jump up from his throne with a banana cannon and fire a sticky banana bomb at the centre reel position, which then explodes turning additional positions wild. - Kong Respin - After any Banana Cannon Wild wins have been processed occasionally Kong shall jump up and smash the ground causing the reels to respin holding any wilds in position. - Golden Barrel Super Spin - Whilst the reels spin, Kong will awaken from his slumber and throw a Golden Barrel at the centre of the reels. This causes an explosion over the top of the reels which adds a number of Golden Barrels to the reels. Once the reels have landed all the golden barrels in view shall explode and reveal the same symbol. - King Kong Spin Streak - Once the reels have stopped and presented a combination of winning symbols occasionally Kong can jump up from his throne and begin beating the reels with a wooden mallet. This will cause the reels to respin holding the trigger symbols in position. This will continue until the win is not improved. - Bonus Boost - Similar to Golden Barrel Super Spin – Rather than adding a number of Golden Barrels to the reels the explosion will add a number of additional bonus symbols to the reels. This significantly increases the chance of triggering the bonus on that spin. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by the Thriller Gorilla Bonus. The player will spin the wheel, which after a spinning will stop on one of 5 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Barrel Blast Bonus Triggered by landing on the Barrel Blast segment of the wheel during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus. After a short transition, a scene will be shown with a number of Barrels on screen along with a winplan to the left. The player selects barrels to reveal an item. Each item will match up to a total bet multiplier, which is paid for matching 3 of the same item. Additionally, revealing a special icon will upgrade the total bet multipliers, and collecting 3 Golden Monkeys shall award the Thriller Gorilla BIG MON K EY Bonus. Thriller Gorilla Trail Bonus After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that is themed on the retro style platform game. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a multiplier trail up the levels to the Thriller Gorilla Cash BIG MON K EY Bonus (stage 2). The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to select barrels in order to advance along the trail increasing the total bet multiplier. Selecting the barrels will reveal one of the following positive or negative outcomes:- Event Action Advance 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Will action Kong to move up the trail by the corresponding number of positions. Golden Monkey Takes the player directly to the Thriller Gorilla BIG MON K EY Bonus part of the feature. Bomb Ends the bonus and pays the current total bet multiplier. If the Thriller Gorilla BIG MON K EY Bonus end game is reached, Kong enters the big money end game. Here the player is presented with Kong in the centre of the screen surrounded by a carousel of barrels along with bananas down the left and right sides of the screen. The Barrels will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. The player will then be prompted to pick a banana from either side of the carousel, revealing either a Golden Monkey (which respins the barrels and adds to the bonus win) or a Bomb which ends the feature, awarding the player the overall Total Bet Multiplier achieved. Empire Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Empire Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus. A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, the top of the Empire State Building with multiple reels in view. The screen will start at the top, before the screen pans down the other reel sets, which display the reels, and a side banner detailing the upgrade for that reel set. Each level will have a special upgrade applied to any spins on that level: Level 1: Roaming Wilds are active. Any wilds that land in view become active for any remaining spins on that level, moving to random positions every spin. Level 2: Multiplying Roaming Wilds are active. Any wilds that land in view become active for any remaining spins, moving to random positions every spin. If 2 or more wilds move and land on the same reel position a win multiplier is also awarded. Level 3: Expanding Roaming Wilds are active. Any wilds that land in view become active for any remaining spins, moving to random positions every spin. If 2 or more wilds move and land on the same reel position they change to an expanding wild which covers the whole of the reel. Each time a player achieves a new level they are are awarded 5 additional spins as well as the corresponding wild upgrade. The player is then presented with the bottom level. Here the player will play out their set of free spins on this reel set. The object of the Free Spins round is to collect Golden Monkeys which appear randomly on the reel symbols. By collecting a number of Golden Monkeys this then advances the player up to the next reel set. The further the player levels up, the more powerful the upgrade awarded. As the player gets higher up, additional spins are awarded. Free Spins continue until all spins are used where the player is awarded the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings. Additional free spins are awarded each time the player completes a level. Golden Gorilla Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Golden Gorilla Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus. Golden Gorilla Free Spins are played out on a 5x4 reel format with 40 win lines and a fixed amount of Free Spins. After each spin if any special wild symbols land in view a wild bank panel situated on the right-hand side of the screen will be incremented by the corresponding number of wilds. Once the initial round of Free Spins end the player will then be awarded a series of ‘Wild Spins’. Wild Spins play out on the same reel set and during each spin the accumulated number of wilds shall be placed randomly on to the reels. After a spin ends the player will be presented with 3 barrels over the top of the reels and prompted to select a barrel revealing either a Golden Monkey (Spins the reels again with the wilds shuffled to new positions) or a Bomb which ends the feature. Golden Gorilla Free Spins cannot be retriggered during Golden Gorilla Free Spins. During Wild Spins, additional spins may be awarded. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game, the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game (except for BIG MON K EY Bonus). After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Thriller Gorilla Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and win, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reached the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active except Golden Kong Free Spins where 40 winlines are always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active except Golden Kong Free Spins where 40 winlines are always active). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/28/2022