Bullion Blitz Games Rules And Help Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. A Cash Collect symbol on reels 1 and/or 6 along with any Cash Prize symbols will award the value shown. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance Cash Collect The Cash Collect symbol is active on reels 1 and 6. During any spin where a cash prize symbol lands in view, if a Collect symbol lands in view on reels 1 and/or 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Cash Collect will expand to cover the reel and collect the cash values shown on the cash prize symbols. Upgrades If a Cash Collect lands along with a Cash Prize and Safe symbol then the following Upgrades can be awarded on any spin: Cash Blitz (Green Diamond) - will add additional Cash Prize symbols to the reels Win Boost (Purple Diamond) - will Boost all cash prize symbols in view (up to x2.5 base stake). Super Collect (Red Diamond) - will collect all Cash Prize symbols in view. Bullion Strike (Gold Diamond) - will upgrade all Cash Note symbols in view to Bullion symbols (up to x100 base stake). Safe symbols can only appear on reels 2,3,4, and 5 Bullion Spins 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger Bullion Spins. Once triggered, 10 Bullion Spins are awarded. On any spin where a Cash Collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each cash prize symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 3 Cash Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols that are collected. Collecting 6 Cash Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols that are collected. Collecting 9 Cash Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols that are collected. Collecting 12 Cash Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash Prize symbols that are collected. Bullion Spins continue until all Bullion Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bullion Spins are played on the same bet as the triggering game. All Upgrades are active during Bullion Spins. AutoPlay (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you reach the set Loss Limit, Win Limit, or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Bullion Spins are played on the same Base bet as the triggering game. Available Cash Prize symbols range from 0.25x to 100x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP - 94% Last modification date: 11/18/2025