Cash Summit Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Cash Scatter Symbol in view awards Cash Spins. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. Cash Scatter Cash Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. 3 or more Cash Scatter Symbol in view awards Cash Spins. Available Cash symbol outcomes during the base game are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, and 1 Super Spin (outcomes are xbet). Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-10x, MINOR-25x, MAJOR-100x, MEGA-2000x Base Stake. Cashpots are only paid during Cash Spins and Super Spins. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same feature. Cash Spins 3 Cash Spins are awarded when triggering the feature. At the start of Cash Spins the triggering Cash Scatter symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin individually with only Cash, Cashpot, Super Spins and pip symbols active. Each new Cash, Cashpot and Super Spin symbol landing in view will lock in place and reset the remaining spins to 3. Landing a Cash Scatter Symbol will award the prize shown. Landing a Cashpot Symbol will award the matching cashpot. Landing a Cash Summit Symbol will award 1 Super Spin. The Super Spins are awarded at the end of Cash Spins. At the end of Cash Spins, the player is awarded the value of all cash displayed in view on the active reels. Available CASH Scatter Symbol outcomes during Cash Spins are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, MEGA and 1 Super Spin (outcomes are xbet). Super Spins The number of Super Spins will be based on the amount that appeared in view during Cash Spins. During Super Spins only Cash, Cashpot, Super Spins and pip symbols are active. Landing a Cash Scatter Symbol will award the prize shown. Landing a Cashpot Symbol will award the matching cashpot. Landing a Cash Summit Symbol will award 1 Super Spin. Symbols do not hold over between spins. Landing Cash and Cashpot symbols in view will add to the Bonus Win panel at the end of every spin. Additional Super Spins will be added to the spin counter at the end of each spin. Available Cash Scatter Symbol outcomes during Super Spins are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 15x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 70x, 80x, 90x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 500x, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, MEGA and 1 Super Spin (outcomes are xbet). At the end of Super Spins, the total winnings will be added to the player's Bonus Win. Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. During gameplay icons will be used in the game user interface as follows: Displays the Total Bet.