Plenty O' Fish Jackpot Royale Plenty O' Fish Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for all symbols except Bonus scatter, Cash Collect, Fixed Jackpots and Cash symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Cash Collect The Cash Collect symbols are active on reels 1 and 6. During any spin where a Cash symbol lands in view, if a Cash Collect symbol lands in view on reels 1 or 6 then the cash collect feature is triggered. Any Cash symbols will be accumulated on the Cash Collect symbol. Landing any fixed Jackpot symbols with a Cash Collect symbol in view will award the fixed Jackpot value (MINI-15x, MINOR-25x, MAJOR-250x or MEGA-2,500x). Plenty O' Fish On every spin where a Gold coin symbol lands in view, it is added to the treasure chest. If the treasure chest closes, an upgrade is awarded. Once closed, one of the following upgrades is awarded: Boost: Any Cash and Fixed Jackpot symbols that land in view along with a Cash Collect symbol will be boosted prior to being awarded. All values will be boosted by up to 5x Total Bet. Respin: Is awarded when any Cash, Fixed Jackpot and Cash Collect symbols land in view. Once awarded any Cash collect symbols are held in place and the remaining reels will respin. +Collect: Is awarded when any Cash, Fixed Jackpot and Cash Collect symbols land in view, once awarded any Cash and Fixed Jackpot symbols can be collected up to 5 times. Fixed Jackpot: Is awarded instantly once triggered. Once awarded the Jackpot wheel will spin awarding either the MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA Jackpot. Bonus: Is awarded instantly once triggered and can award up to 25 Free Spins. Any unused upgrades are held over into the free spins game. Bonus 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger the Bonus. Free Spins During Free Spins, any Gold coin symbols that land in view will close the chest awarding an upgrade. Once closed one of the following upgrades are awarded: Boost: Any Cash and Fixed Jackpot symbols that land in view along with a Cash Collect symbol will be boosted prior to being awarded. All values will be boosted by up to 5x Total Bet. Respin: Is awarded when any Cash, Fixed Jackpots and Cash Collect symbols land in view. Once awarded any Cash Collect symbols are held in place and the remaining reels will respin. +Collect: Is awarded when any Cash, Fixed Jackpots and Cash Collect symbols land in view, once awarded any Cash symbols can be collected up to 5 times. Fixed Jackpot: Is awarded instantly once triggered. Once awarded the Jackpot wheel will spin awarding either the MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA Jackpot. Spins: Are awarded instantly once triggered and can award up to 10 additional spins. Any unused upgrades are held over into the standard game. Free Games continue until all free games are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. Available Cash symbols range from 0.5x to 2,500x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet). Multiple coins can be collected but only 1 modifier can be awarded per spin. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Month/Day/Year:09/20/2024v1.0