Big Hits Blazinator Big Hits Blazinator™ Introduction Introducing Big Hits Blazinator™, our 6x4 online slot featuring increasing Big Bonus Free Spins with Sticky Wilds and increasing Multipliers. Look out for Fireball Modifiers to boost your Free Spins experience! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger Big Bonus Free Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can appear on any reel in the base game and on reels 2-6 in the Big Bonus Free Spins. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Bonus Scatter Symbol (Red Fireball) 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger Big Bonus Free Spins. Pressing on 1 of the Bonus Scatter symbols will reveal the Big Hit Level for the Free Spins feature. The starting Big Hit Level ranges from x10 to x50, and can increase up to x500 in Big Bonus Free Spins. The available Big Hit Level values are (in x bet): 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100, 125, 150, 200, 500. The more Bonus Scatter symbols land on the reels, the higher the chance for a bigger starting Big Hit Level for the player. Big Bonus Free Spins Big Bonus Free Spins always starts with 1 Big Hit. A Big Hit is defined as when the player achieves a win equal to or above the Big Hit Level in a single Free Spin. The number of Big Hits is displayed on the Big Hit Meter above the reels and decrements by 1 each time the player achieves a Big Hit in a single spin. In Big Bonus Free Spins, any Wild symbols that land on the reels are held in place for the remainder of the feature. In Big Bonus Free Spins, any Bonus Scatter symbol that lands on the reels can remain as a Red Fireball or randomly reveal a Blue Fireball. Any Red Fireball in view will increase the Big Hit Level up to 3 tiers. If it appears under the Wild symbol, it will also increase the Wild's current multiplier value by x1. Wild Multipliers in the same winning combination are multiplicative. Any Blue Fireball in view will increase the number of Big Hits on the Big Hits Meter by 1. The Maximum Big Hit Level is x500. The Maximum number of Big Hits allowed in Free Spins round is 5. When reached, only Red fireballs will appear on the reels but they won't increase the Big Hit Level. Free Spins ends when the Big Hit Meter reaches 0. The Base Stake used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Gamble (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) After any win of 5x bet or higher, the player will have the choice to collect the win or gamble to try and win a bigger prize or the Big Bonus. If the player chooses to gamble they will be presented with two wheels. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the cash win, with the player able to adjust the chance of success/win value by pressing the - and + arrows. The right wheel offers the chance to win Big Hit Spins, with the player able to adjust the chance of success/Big Hit Spins by pressing the - and + arrows. The player can press either of the Gamble buttons to try and win. Landing in the green section awards the corresponding win. Landing in the red section results in a losing spin with the player losing their winnings and returning to the base game. Pressing the Collect button during the feature collects the winnings. Gamble up to a maximum of 500xbet win or 5 Big Hit Spins. Lucksome Locks™(subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) Lucksome Locks™ is a gamble feature that is enabled when a near miss of a game feature occurs (Availability of Lucksome Locks™ is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements). When 2 Scatter symbols are in view in Main Game, Lucksome Locks™ is enabled. When enabled the Lucksome Locks™ button will display the gamble cost for a Lucksome Locks™ spin. When the player selects the Lucksome Locks™ button the game will hold in place the 2 Scatter symbols and spin. During a Lucksome Locks™ spin only Scatter symbols are active, the other base game symbols cannot contribute to any win or Bonus trigger. If no new Scatter symbols land in view, the gamble was unsuccessful. If more Scatter symbols land in view the Big Bonus Free Spins is triggered. A player can play as many Lucksome Locks™ spins as they wish while it is enabled and there are sufficient funds to play the feature. The player can continue with normal base game spins by hitting the Spin Button when Lucksome Locks™ is enabled and no Lucksome Locks™ spins are in progress. In Autoplay* when Lucksome Locks™ is enabled, Autoplay is paused for 5 seconds to allow the player the opportunity to activate a Lucksome Locks™ spin. If Autoplay* is paused for Lucksome Locks™ the player can hit the Spin Button or wait 5 seconds to resume Autoplay, and the Lucksome Locks™ functionality will be disabled until another result of 2 Scatter symbols in view is drawn. If Autoplay* is paused for Lucksome Locks™ and the player hits the Lucksome Locks™ Button, Autoplay will be stopped and a Lucksome Locks™ spin will be activated. *(subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) Lucksome Locks bets do not contribute towards any progressive jackpots or jackpot features cannot be triggered during Lucksome Locks play. --> Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Games, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Base stake is defined as the amount required to initiate a standard game round. This excludes additional wagers such as side bets, mid-game wagers or bonus buys. Wins on different pay-lines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 7/16/2024