The Goonies Return Jackpot Royale The Goonies™ Return Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards the Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol substitute for all symbols except scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Medallion Wild, Truffle Shuffle Wild, Mikey Wild, Colossal Wild, Super Sloth Wild, Goonie Wilds and Inferno Wild. One-Eyed Willy Key Of Plenty One-Eyed Willy Key Of Plenty can be triggered randomly during any spin: Truffle Shuffle - Wilds can overlay the reels, turning positions wild. Chunk will also be able to turn the wilds into multiplying wilds along with the ability to award a Truffle reshuffle where after the original spin, he can reappear and switch the reel positions to award a second win. Hidden Treasure - Randomly awards multiplying Wild Reels. W-invention Reels - Data will appear and use his Punch Out glove to strike the reel and cause 2 or more consecutive reels to replicate the same outcome. This can occur for up to all 5 reels. In addition, Data can also create a colossal symbol on up to 5 reels as well as upgrade the symbols in view or move them to create a better win. Lucky Coins - The Mystery symbol (Gold Coin) chooses a symbol at random to be displayed inside the Gold Coin. During any spin where a Coin lands on the reels a symbol is chosen which is displayed in every Coin in view. There is also a chance that a Cash symbol can be revealed. Any Cash symbols are held in position and the reels respin. The reels continue to respin until no additional cash symbols land in view (Cash symbol outcomes range from 1x - 100x Total Bet). Bonus Boost - Additional Bonus symbols can be added to the reels. Win Spin – Guaranteed to award a big winning spin. Booby Traps - There are also additional modifiers which can trigger after any spin both turning a lose into a win. On a losing spin a scythe can appear which will reset the reels into a win, Shooting Spikes can remove one or more columns of symbols to create a win, dynamite can be thrown onto the reels to upgrade the win as well as a cave collapse removing all symbols in view and cascading in a new winning set of symbols. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. The player will spin the wheel, which after a spin will stop on one of 6 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Booby Trap Bonus Triggered by landing on the Booby Trap feature during the Bonus. Turn the Key left or right (alternatively, click the left or right arrow) to turn the key and reveal an outcome: CASH (adds a cash amount between 1x - 20x total bet); COLLECT (ends the feature); BONUS FEATURE (reveals the name of a bonus which is awarded to the player). If a feature is revealed the Booby Trap Bonus ends and the player enters the bonus feature shown. If COLLECT is revealed, the feature ends with the player awarded the amount displayed in the Bonus Win display (which is a multiplier of the player's Total Bet). Waterslide To Wealth Bonus Triggered by landing on the Waterslide To Wealth feature during the Bonus. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a multiplier trail down the waterfall towards the second stage of the bonus. The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to select gold doubloons in order to advance along the trail increasing the total bet multiplier. Selecting the doubloons will reveal one of the following positive or negative outcomes:- Event Action Advance 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Will move the player along the trail by the corresponding number of positions. Collect Ends the bonus and pays the current total bet multiplier. Big Money Takes the player straight into the Big Money bonus round. In addition, along the trail there will be certain positions containing a ship’s wheel icon, which will be sat under some of the values. If the player lands on a position with a wheel, the ship’s wheel will appear and spin, revealing one of the following: Upgrade: Increases some of the values along the trail. Eliminate: Knocks out some of the values on the trail, increasing the chances of getting to the end of the trail. Shortcut: This boosts the player further down the trail. If the Big Money Bonus end game is reached, the player enters the big money end game where the player can win a big cash multiplier or an extra feature. Skeleton Organ Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Skeleton Organ Free Spins feature during the Bonus. The player will be awarded 5 spins with the special Skeleton Organ symbol active and super stacked on each reel. The Skeleton Organ symbol is sticky, with any that land in view holding in place for the remainder of free spins. If on any spin a special Symbol lands in view, the player will pick a key on the Organ which will fade up slightly from behind the reels to reveal a symbol, which will then reveal itself on every Organ symbol in view. At the end of the spins the player will be presented with a number of Gold Doubloons. The player will pick one and reveal one of the following outcomes: EXTRA SPINS - Awards up to 5 extra spins with the mystery symbol remaining sticky from the initial spins. BONUS - Awards a bonus based on the feature name revealed. COLLECT - ends the bonus awarding the amount displayed in the bonus winning panel. Fratelli Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Fratelli Free Spins feature during the Bonus. The player will be awarded an initial 8 Spins which features resurrecting respins at the end of the feature. If during a spin a Super Sloth Wild has landed in view, after any wins have been paid, the Wild will leave the position on the reels with a special border around it. After the initial 8 spins are spent, a final respin will take place on all positions where Super Sloth Wilds landed in view. Each individual reel position will respin to reveal either a Wild or Cash symbol (Cash symbol outcomes range from 1x - 10x Total Bet). If 5 or more cash symbols are revealed, after any reel wins are awarded then Momma Fratelli Money Spins are triggered. Each reel position turns into a mini Cash reel where the player has 3 respins to achieve more Cash symbols. Each time a Cash symbol lands in view the Spins reset to 3. This continues until the player uses all of their spins (Cash symbol outcomes during the respin range from 1x - 50x Total Bet). At the end of the spins the player will be presented with a number of keys. The player will pick one and reveal one of the following outcomes: EXTRA SPINS - Awards up to 3 extra spins with special borders held on the reels based on the final outcome from the initial 8 spins. BONUS - Awards a bonus based on the feature name revealed. COLLECT - ends the bonus awarding the amount displayed in the bonus winning panel. Final Voyage Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Final Voyage Free Spins feature during the Bonus. After a screen transition, the game will cut to a new free spins layout with a trail below the reels with the inferno on the left, various markers across the bottom and a Gold Doubloon on the right. During every spin the Inferno wild is active. Starting from the left, on each spin the Inferno Wild will move 1 reel right before holding in place. At the end of each spin, the Goonie below the reel where the wild is in place will be turned wild, before the Inferno Wild moves right again. This continues until all of the high pays are upgraded to be wilds and the player reaches the Doubloon on reel 5. Once the Doubloon has been reached, a number of Doubloons will appear over the reels and the player will be prompted to PICK A DOUBLOON, revealing one of the following outcomes: COLLECT – ends the feature with the player achieving the amount displayed in the BONUS WINNINGS panel. ONE-EYED WILLY RICHES - awards the One-Eyed Willy Riches Bonus. SUPER SPINS - awards up to 5 Super Spins with all Goonies wild and the full reel Inferno Wild active. During each spin the Inferno wild will move randomly before locking on a reel at random. One-Eyed Willy Riches Bonus Achieving 5 Bonus symbols on the reels during the main game, gambling to or landing on the One-Eyed Willy Riches Bonus on the Bonus Wheel or revealing it from a modifier key or within a feature triggers the One-Eyed Willy Riches bonus. The values will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. The feature continues until the booby trap is triggered on the scales, where the player is awarded their total bet multiplier win. The player will be awarded 3 Money Spins on a 5x4 grid of individual reels. Landing a cash value in view will reset the spins counter back to 3. Also active are the Goonie characters, each with a unique power/ability as well as a cash value attached: Mikey: Awards an overall win multiplier (x2-x5). Data: Awards an extra respin, increasing the number of spins by 1. Chunk: Does his classic Truffle Shuffle, upgrades every symbol in view by the amount he displays when he lands in. Mouth: Adds together all current winning values on the reels to create a Super Money win (for example if all symbols in view made a total of 100x bet, the Mouth symbol would be worth 100x bet). One-Eyed Willy: Enlarges the size of the reels by one column on the left or right which can go up to 9x4. Sloth: Restarts the powers of any other character symbol in view (excluding Sloth). The feature will continue until the whole 9x4 grid is full or all spins are used, with the player being awarded the amount displayed which is a multiplier of total bet. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for One-Eyed Willy Riches Bonus), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet. 5x-35x bet). Bonus Respin - If the player gambles and lands on Mystery Win there is a chance the wheel will spin again. Super Gamble - If the player gambles, there is the chance all the Mystery Win positions will be upgraded to become feature positions. The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. One-Eyed Willy Exchange During the main game, if the player achieves a win above a 15xbet or higher, the player can take the win or enter the feature wheel gamble to try and win a feature. If the player chooses to COLLECT they are awarded the cash amount shown. If they choose to GAMBLE then the win is replaced by a spin of the Exchange wheel. The wheel will consist of one of three bonus levels (Bonus, Super Bonus or Mega Bonus depending on the cash award being exchanged) plus Mystery Win. If the player gambles and wins, the bonus they have gambled to can be collected. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top bonus (where it awards that bonus) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet. 5x-15xbet). Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 10/16/2024