7S FIRE BLITZ POWER 5 JRE 7's Fire Blitz™ Power 5 Jackpot Royale Express Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on adjacent reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cash Collect Achieving Cash Prize symbols on reels 1, 2, 4 or 5 with a Collect symbol on reel 3 will trigger the Cash Collect feature. The Cash Prize symbols are active on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. The Collect symbol is active on reel 3. Any Cash Prize symbols will be accumulated on the Collect symbol. Fire Blitz Bonus Achieving Collect and Cash Prize symbols on 3 consecutive reels will trigger the bonus. The Collect symbol will hold in place for the duration of the feature and will collect any Cash Prize symbols that land in view. The player will have 3 Spins to achieve a new symbol in view. Each time a Cash Prize symbol lands in view, it is added to any Collect symbols in view before being removed from the reels and resetting the Spins back to 3. Additional Collect symbols can land in view on reel 3 (up to a maximum of 3). The Fire Blitz Bonus continues until all Spins have been used, where the player is paid the total accumulated on all Collect symbols in view. Gold Strike Feature Any Collect or Cash Prize symbols that land in view are added to the logo, giving the chance to award the Gold Strike feature. If the Gold Strike feature is triggered Cash and Collect symbols can be added to the reels, along with the chance of boosting any Cash symbol values already in view, guaranteeing the Fire Blitz Bonus will be activated. Power Play The player can choose to play POWER PLAY at any time by pressing the POWER PLAY button. The player can choose to play at 5x their Base Stake. During POWER PLAY only the Collect and Cash Prize symbols are in play. The player can change their Power Stake at any time by pressing the stake button, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD PLAY button. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Available Cash Prize symbols range from 1x to 1000x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). The Power Play game is played at 5x the base stake. Power Play does not contribute towards any progressive jackpots or jackpot features. Progressive pots and Jackpot features cannot be triggered during Power Play. The collection feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/25/2025