Bankin' Bacon Player Instructions Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (or any Cheque symbol) starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Win Ways Each spin has 4,096 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form ways wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Free Spins During Free Spins the Piggy Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Piggy symbol lands in view, a prize is awarded for any cheque symbol that also lands in view. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger Bonus. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins 4 Bonus Scatter symbols = 15 Free Spins 5 Bonus Scatter symbols = 20 Free Spins 6 Bonus Scatter symbols = 30 Free Spins Choose either Free Spins with all Cheques active or select Mystery Choice which will spin a wheel and award a combination of Free Spins and 1 Cheque symbol. During Free Spins all Piggy symbols landing on the reels award a prize for each Cheque symbol in view Any Green Cheques landing in view with the Piggy Symbol can award up to 10 additional Free Spins. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins Bonus Bet is played at 75x Total Bet Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/9/2023