Thai Flower Megaways Thai Flower Megaways™ Player Instructions Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET.Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the left on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. The Lotus substitutes for all symbols. 3 or more Lotus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During Free Spins, only 3 randomly selected symbols are in play. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. Consecutive wild symbol award a win and are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Lotus scatter symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. The player will randomly select 3 symbols to only be active during Free Spins. Free Spins cannot retrigger during the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 2/14/2023