Big Catch Even Bigger Bass 2 JRE Game Rules and Information Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding Bonus Scatter and Collect Scatter and Cash Prize symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild symbols can only land in on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the Collect Scatter symbol is active on reels 1 and 6. During any spin where a Cash Prize symbol lands in view, if a Collect Scatter symbol lands in view on reel 1 or 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Collect Scatter symbol will expand to cover the reel and collect the cash values shown on the Cash Prize symbols. Landing any Cash Prize symbols with a collect scatter symbol in view will award that value. Once Cash Collect has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new LOCK & SPIN symbol is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins on reels 1 and 6. During LOCK & SPIN any initiating Cash Prize values are held in position whilst active reels re-spin. This continues until no new Cash Prize symbols land in view. Once LOCK & SPIN has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new WIN STEPPER symbol is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins. During WIN STEPPER any initiating Cash Prize symbols will step either up or down filling the whole reel with Cash Prize values. Once WIN STEPPER has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new CASH MATCH symbol is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins. During CASH MATCH all in view Cash Prize symbols will be changed to match the largest Cash Prize symbol in view. Once CASH MATCH has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, a new MULTI COLLECT symbol is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins. MULTI COLLECT will repeatedly collect any Cash Prize symbols in view, up to 5 times. Once MULTI COLLECT has collected any Cash Prize symbols on a spin in the main game, BIG CATCH is unlocked in the main game and Cash Spins. Once active any uncollected Cash Prize or Golden Rod symbols that land in view during the main game or Cash spins will add to the Big Catch net. Once unlocked, upgrades will remain active from that point onwards. Golden Rod: On any spin where a Cash Collect will trigger, if a Golden Rod symbol is also in view, the Golden Rod will accumulate the value of any Cash Prize symbols in view before being collected. Cash Spins 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger the Cash Spins Bonus. Once triggered, 10 Cash Spins are awarded. Before the bonus starts, the player will be able to Pick a Fish and reveal up to 5 upgrades (which is the maximum number of upgrades that can be awarded during the feature). Selected upgrades will remain active until the end of Cash Spins. Fish Upgrade - Increases the value of the lowest paying fish that can appear on the reels by up to 5x. +Spins - Up to 5 additional Cash Spins will be awarded. Next Level - The trail will start from the first retrigger position, awarding x2 on all collects (does not award additional spins). Two-way Pays – activates reel win payouts left to right and right to left. +Fish – adds more fish positions to the reels. +Collect – adds additional active Collect symbols to the reels. +Golden fish – adds additional golden fish (X20, X50, X200, X1000) to the reels. Start Cash Spins - starts the Cash Spins feature. During Cash Spins any unlocked Collect Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a Collect Scatter symbol lands in view, the value of each Cash Prize symbol that also landed in view is awarded. During Cash Spins each Collect Scatter symbol that lands in view will advance the Cash Spins Trail above the reels by 1 position. Reaching position 3 will award 5 additional Spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash Collect activated. Reaching position 6 will award 5 additional Spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash Collect activated. Reaching position 9 will award 5 additional Spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash Collect activated. Reaching position 12 will award 5 additional Spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash Collect activated. Cash Spins continue until all Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Big Catch Once active any uncollected Cash Prize or Golden Rod symbols that land in view during the main game or Cash spins will add to the Big Catch net. The net can animate, awarding the player the chance to PICK A FISH, triggering one of the following modifiers: CASH COLLECT: Collects all Cash Prize Symbols on the reels, paying the combined cash value of the symbols in view. COLLECT ADD: Can add a Collect symbol to either reel 1, reel 6 or to both reels depending on the types of Collect symbols active(excluding LOCK & SPIN symbols), Cash Prize or Golden Rod symbols to any reels, guaranteeing a win. WIN SPIN: Adds a number of top paying symbols to the reels, guaranteeing a reel win. PRIZE WHEEL: Awards one of the following. +SPINS: During Cash Spins only, up to 5 additional Cash Spins can be awarded. BONUS: Triggers the Bonus, awarding Cash Spins. MYSTERY WIN: Awards a Mystery Cash Prize.(ranging from 5x–10x Total bet) 20xbet Cash Prize Award. 50xbet Cash Prize Award. 200xbet Cash Prize Award. 1000xbet Cash Prize Award. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you reach the set Loss Limit, Win Limit, or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). Auto Play will pause if you get into any bonus round and resume on returning to the Main Game. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Win frequency, volatility and level progression may vary depending on the number of games played. Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Cash Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. Available Cash Prize symbols range from 0.5x to 1000x (all outcomes are multiplied by Base Stake). During Cash Spins if 'Two-way Pays' is active, all way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels starting from the far left reel or the far right reel. Only the highest win is paid on each win way. The collection feature in the game is for visual purposes only and does not influence games outcomes (Big Catch). RTP - 95% MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS Last modification date: 2/25/2026