Voodoo Temple Voodoo Temple™ is a 5-reel 243 Ways slot. Through ancient traditions, a new High Priestess has risen. With her rising she brings great power. Journey to the home of Voodoo, experience its mystical multipliers and riches hidden in shadow magic. Voodoo Temple™ INTRODUCTION Through ancient traditions, a new High Priestess has risen. With her rising she brings great power. Journey to the home of Voodoo, experience its mystical multipliers and riches hidden in shadow magic. Voodoo Temple™ is a 5-reel 243 Ways slot. Step 1: Getting Started Click the BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Spacebar can also be used to start a game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel, forming a sequence of 2, (depending on the symbol) 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols. All winning combinations are added together. 3 or more BONUS Scatter Symbols in view will trigger the Free Games Feature from the main game. Win Multipliers Voodoo Masks, each with their own Win Multiplier, are activated according to the current mode of the game and the number of Wild Symbols in view. A maximum of one Win Multiplier can be active at any one time. When active, it multiplies the total win for the current spin. In the main game there are 3 Win Multipliers that can be activated. In the Free Games there are 3 or 4 Win Multipliers that can be activated depending on volatility choice. The more Wild Symbols in view, the higher the Win Multiplier. In Low and Medium Volatility Free Games Modes - the first Win Multiplier is activated without the need for Wild Symbols to be in view. Wild Symbol (High Priestess) The Wild symbol can be used to help form win combinations by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for Bonus Scatter Symbols. Each Reel with a Wild symbol on it applies a multiplier to any wins on screen. Each spin with a Wild symbol in view has a chance for the High Priestess to cast either a Multiplier Boost Spell or Shadow Mode Spell (if Shadow Mode is not already active). Multiplier Boosts can be triggered when Shadow Mode is active. Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Multiplier Boost Multiplier Boost when activated will increase the values of the currently displayed Win multipliers. When boosted all Win Multipliers are increased by the same amount. Each spin with a Wild symbol in view has a chance for the High Priestess to cast either a Multiplier Boost Spell or Shadow Mode Spell (if Shadow Mode is not already active). Multiplier Boosts can be triggered when Shadow Mode is active. Shadow Mode When activated, Shadow Mode persists over several player spins and has a higher RTP. On every Shadow Mode spin after the activating spin, the currently advertised Win Multipliers have a chance to increase or decrease, when increasing, the Win Multipliers can reach much higher values than in normal mode. In Main Game, Shadow Mode is a persistent state feature. A persistent state feature is stored against the chosen bet level upon trigger. If the bet level is changed the state of this feature will change accordingly and will not be available at bet levels where the feature has not been previously triggered and still active. Shadow Bet (depending on Operator configuration) When activated, Shadow Bet increases the triggering frequency for Shadow Mode and therefore increases RTP. By activating Shadow Bet, the base bet is increased by 20%. When Shadow Mode is triggered in the Main Game the Shadow Bet is locked at its current setting (either on or off). Shadow Bet will unlock when Shadow Mode has ended. When Shadow Bet is locked, its setting cannot be changed. Free Games 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols anywhere on the reels awards a Bonus. More Scatter symbols = More Free Games.* *relative to the player volatility choice. Bigger Multipliers - Stacked Wilds Wild Symbols Are Now Stacked! Each spin with a Wild symbol in view has a chance for the High Priestess to cast either a Multiplier Boost Spell or Shadow Mode spell (if Shadow Mode is not already active). During Low and Medium Volatility Free Games all wins are multiplied by at least x2. During Free Games, available Win Multipliers are as follows: Low volatility 0 Wilds = x2 all wins 1 Wild = x3 all wins 2 Wilds = x5 all wins 3 Wilds = x6 all wins Medium volatility 0 Wilds = x3 all wins 1 Wild = x4 all wins 2 Wilds = x6 all wins 3 Wilds = x8 all wins High volatility (Shadow) During High volatility (Shadow) Free Games - every spin has Shadow Mode enabled. On every Shadow Mode spin after the activating spin, the currently advertised Win Multipliers have a chance to increase or decrease, when increasing, the Win Multipliers can reach much higher values than in Main Game. 0 Wilds = x1 all wins 1 Wild = x2-x5 all wins 2 Wilds = x3-x20 all wins 3 Wilds = x8-x50 all wins Free Games continue until all free games are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Free Games Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Main Game. Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee number of Scatter Symbols on the reels chosen by the player, activating the Free Games Bonus. Lucksome™ Gamble Feature (depending on Operator configuration) GAMBLE IS ACTIVE ON WINS OVER 20X OR AFTER A FEATURE The multiplier is always applied to the original wager amount. In the event of the gamble wager being odd, a nominal value is banked. The nominal value is added to the balance upon completion of the gamble. Wins that are eligible for the gamble is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements. This feature may not be available and is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements. The gamble always starts on multiplier 1 and the rules are as following: Current multiplier Win multiplier Lose multiplier Win chances 0.5x 1x 0x. Feature ends. 50% 1x 1.5x 0.5x 50% 1.5x 2x 1x 50% 2x 3x 1x 50% 3x 4x 1x 66.67% 4x 5x. Feature complete. 1x 75% Lucksome Locks™ Plus (depending on Operator configuration) Lucksome Locks™ Plus is a gamble feature that is enabled when 3 or 4 Bonus Scatter Symbols are in view (Availability of Lucksome Locks™ and is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements). When 3 or4 Scatter Symbols are in view Lucksome Locks™ is enabled. The Player has the option to start the bonus or spin for more Bonus Scatter Symbols. When enabled the Lucksome Locks™ button will display the gamble cost for a Lucksome Locks™ spin. When the player selects the Lucksome Locks™button the game will hold in place Scatter Symbols already in view on each Lucksome Locks™ spin. During a Lucksome Locks™ spin only Bonus Scatter Symbols are active. Other Main Game Symbols cannot contribute to any win or Bonus Trigger. If no new Bonus Scatter Symbols land in view, the gamble was unsuccessful, the Free Games Feature is still offered at the current number of Bonus Scatter Symbols in view. If 4 Bonus Scatter Symbols are in view the player is offered the chance to start an upgraded Free Games Feature or another Lucksome Locks™ spin. A player can play as many Lucksome Locks™ spins as they wish while it is enabled and there are sufficient funds to play the feature. Achieving 5 Bonus Scatter Symbols will cause the Free Games Feature to be played out. Depending on game speed selection and game and operator configurations the Lucksome Locks™ feature may, when triggered, interrupt and stop Autoplay to allow the player to use the feature. --> Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay and is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. Scatter wins are paid in addition to ways wins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 3/14/2023