ALMIGHTY BEAR MEGAWAYS Almighty Bear Megaways™ Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How to Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding Scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery symbol cannot reveal Scatter and Wild symbols. Scatter Symbol The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels but not in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. 4 Scatter Symbols in view awards 12 Bonus Spins. Every additional Scatter Symbol adds an extra 5 Bonus Spins. A maximum of 27 Bonus Spins can be awarded. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. Bonus Spins During Bonus Spins there is a Multiplier active which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after every Cascade. During Bonus Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Bonus Spins Scatters and will award extra Bonus Spins: 3 Bonus Spins Scatters = 5 extra Bonus Spins 4 Bonus Spins Scatters = 10 extra Bonus Spins The stake that was used to trigger the Bonus Spins will be used for the Bonus Spins duration. At the end of Bonus Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Gamble Before the Bonus Spins starts the player can choose to gamble the number of spins they start with by pressing SPIN. A winning outcome will award the relevant number of Bonus Spins. Any losing gamble will award the relevant number of Bonus Spins. Pressing TAKE will award the corresponding number of Bonus Spins and start the Bonus Spins bonus round. The player can gamble up to a maximum of 30 Bonus Spins Buy Bonus (DEPENDING ON OPERATOR CONFIGURATION) The Buy Bonus can be activated during the main game. Once activated, the reels will spin and land a minimum of 3 Scatter symbols to award Bonus Spins (as opposed to 4 required in the main game). The Buy Bonus is played at 50x Total Bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Autoplay from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Payouts are multiplied by the stake. All winning combinations are added together. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. All pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels from left to right. Only the highest win is paid on each way MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Month/Day/Year: 12/18/2024 v2.0 Last modification date: 5/6/2025