Genie Wishmaker Even More Wishes Genie Wishmaker Even More Wishes™ Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Scatter symbols in view in the main game will trigger the Genie Free Spins. The Cash Collect symbols landing on the reels during the Genie Free Spins will award extra Free Spins and Cash symbol multipliers. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding Scatter, Cash and Cash Collect symbols. Wilds can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Cash Collect When initially entering the game the Genie COLLECT symbol is active only on reel 6 until any further upgrades. During any spin where a Cash symbol lands in view, if a Genie COLLECT Scatter symbol lands in view on reel 6 then the Cash Collect feature is triggered. The Genie symbol will expand to cover the 6th reel and collect the cash values shown on the Cash symbols. Landing any Cashpot money symbols with a collect symbol (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value (20xBet, 200xBet, or 2500xBet respectively). Dual Collect: Once a Genie COLLECT symbol collects any Cash symbols in the main game, the possibility to land a Genie Collect symbol on reel 1 is unlocked. Lock & Spin: Once the Genie COLLECT collects any Cash symbols again on a spin in the main game, a new LOCK & SPIN Genie symbol is unlocked in the main game and free spins on reels 1 and 6. Any initiating MONEY values are held in position whilst active reels re-spin. This continues until no new MONEY symbols land in view. It is not possible to get two Lock & Spin Collect symbols on the same Spin. Cash Boost: Once LOCK & SPIN Genie has collected any Cash symbols on a spin in the main game, a new CASH BOOST Genie symbol is unlocked on reels 1 and 6 in the main game and free spins. CASH BOOST Genie will boost any cash symbols in view by up to 5x bet and then proceed to collect any cash symbols. Golden Chest: Once CASH BOOST Genie has collected any Cash symbols on a spin in the main game, a new GOLDEN CHEST symbol is unlocked in the main game and free spins. On any spin where Genie will collect a win, if a GOLDEN CHEST symbol is in view, it will accumulate the value of any Cash symbols in view before being collected along with all the Cash symbols in view by Genie. Any unlocked Genie Collect symbols remain active in the main game and Free Spins from that point onwards. Genie Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere in view award the Genie Free Spins and cash prizes as follows: 3 Scatter symbols = 10 Genie Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 20xBet Plus Genie 10 Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols = 100xBet Plus Genie 10 Free Spins 6 Scatter symbols = 500xBet Plus Genie 10 Free Spins During Free Spins any unlocked Genie collect Scatter symbols remain active. On any spin where a Genie collect symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Cash symbol that also lands in view. Collecting 3 Genie Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash symbols Genie collects. Collecting 6 Genie Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash symbols Genie collects. Collecting 9 Genie Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash symbols Genie collects. Collecting 12 Genie Collect symbols will award 5 additional spins along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash symbols Genie collects. Free Spins continue until all Free Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. MONEY and Cash Symbols refer to Cash and Cashpot values displayed on the reels. Available Cash symbols range from 0.5,1,1.5,2,2.5,3,3.5,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,12,15x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/30/2025