Angel Princess Jackpot Royale Angel Princess Jackpot Royale - Player Instructions INTRODUCTION Angel Princess is a 5-reel 40-line slot. Angel Princess offers three modifiers which can be triggered on any spin as well as an incredible Enchanted Bonus Free Spins round with a unique gamble option and Jackpot Royale! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Matching 3 or more Bonus Symbols during any game awards the Enchanted Free Spins Bonus. 3 Bonus symbols in view awards 5 Enchanted Free Spins. 4 Bonus symbols in view awards 5 Super Free Spins. 5 Bonus symbols in view awards 5 Epic Free Spins. Before the Free Spins, you can gamble your Free Spins to achieve a better more enriched Free Spins round. Losing Gambles result in a mystery win. Enchanted Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols awards the Free Spins Bonus. There are 4 variations of Free Spins - Enchanted, Super, Mega and Epic. Before entering the Bonus you can gamble to the round you wish to play. Losing Gambles result in a Mystery Prize and then the player will return back to the base game. The Bonus involves 5 Free Spins, with Mystery Symbols and Scatter symbols active. Achieving 3 scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards 5 additional Free Spins. Mystery Symbols in Free Spins will appear super stacked and can transform into any symbol, except Scatter. Free Spins continue until the player runs out of Free Spins. Magical Spin On any spin, a Magical Spin can trigger which can award one of three exciting modifiers. Enchanted Spin - If an Enchanted Spin is awarded, mystery Angel Princess symbols will be added to the reels. Up to 20 mystery symbols can be added which can transform into any other symbol, except Scatter. Magical Wilds - If Magical Wilds are awarded, magical Wilds will be added to the reels. Wilds substitute for all symbols, except Scatter. Super Bonus Reels - If Super Bonus Reels are awarded, additional bonus symbols are added to the reels through a count up. The reels will then land guaranteeing at least 2 Bonus symbols. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game, the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game (except for Epic Free Spins Bonus). The player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 4 features from left to right, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will have the words PRESS TO COLLECT over the gamble wheel, with PRESS TO GAMBLE shown on the feature gamble(s) the player can select. If the player gambles and win, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reached the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player loses in Gamble – where they are then awarded a Mystery Win (a mystery cash value ranging from 5x-20xbet). Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (40 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (40 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (40 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. v2.0 Last modification date: 12/20/2022