Ted INTRODUCTION Ted is a licensed 5-reel 20-line slot based focusing on the cute yet mildly offensive teddy bear. The game has 5 Unbearlievable features including Ted Free Spins - where you can be awarded lots of 'Ted' feature upgrades and prizes! Step 1: Getting Started Click the STAKE button to increase or decrease the amount of your STAKE. Select from the list of available stakes from the STAKE options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards The Thunder Buddies Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Grocery Spin Wilds, Colossal Wild and Standard Wilds. Ted Modifiers If Ted wakes up during any game there is a chance the bonus modifier can be triggered, where he can award one of the following features: - Laser Gun Infectious Wilds - Whilst the reels continue to spin Ted shall jump up from the couch and fire a Laser Gun at the reels. A laser beam shall bounce around the screen turning symbols wild. - Psychedelic Super Spin - Whilst the reels continue to spin TED will awaken from his slumber, pick up a hookah pipe and immerse the reels in smoke. Any Mystery symbol which lands in view can reveal any other symbol. - Beer Shuffle - Once the reels have landed and presented a combination of winning symbols, Ted can jump up and spray beer over the reels submerging the symbols in frothy bubbles. This will cause the symbols to shuffle about on the play area and into a new winning combination. This can action a series of times until the bubbles pop. - Psychedelic Colossal Spin - Whilst the reels continue to spin TED will awaken from his slumber, pick up a hookah pipe, and immerse the reels in smoke. Once the smoke disperses three of the reels will have combined into one colossal reel. - TV Streak - Once the reels have landed and presented a combination of winning symbols Ted can jump up and start bashing the buttons on a TV remote. This will cause the reels to respin holding the trigger symbols in position. The reels will continue to respin until the win is not improved. - Psychedelic Bonus Boost - Whilst the reels continue to spin TED will awaken from his slumber, pick up a bong and immerse the reels in smoke which will cause a number of additional bonus symbols to be added to the reels. This significantly increases the chance of triggering a bonus for that spin. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by the Thunder Buddies Bonus. The player will spin the wheel, which after spinning will stop on one of 5 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Spinning the wheel and landing on Wheel Of Fortune awards the Wheel Of Fortune Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Bar Crawl awards the Bar Crawl Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on S Mart Free Spins awards the S Mart Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Ted Free Spins awards the Ted Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Ted Big Money Bonus awards the Ted Big Money Bonus. Wheel Of Fortune Bonus Pick a Ted to reveal either an Arrow, Multiplier Boost or Spin. Arrow adds an extra arrow to the Fortune wheel, Multiplier Boost increases the multiplier value of one or more positions on the Fortune Wheel. Spin spins the wheel. Land on an arrow to move in a level where bigger wins are available. Make it to the middle to trigger the Ted Big Money Bonus. The feature ends when you land on a feature or a multiplier value (which is a multiplier of the total bet). Bar Crawl Bonus After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that is themed around a city street. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a board feature where you can level up to the Ted Big Money Bonus (stage 2).The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to select bottles in order to move around the board, increasing the total bet multiplier. Landing on one of the special board positions awards one of the following positive or negative outcomes:- Event Action Cash Boost Upgrades one or more multiplier values on the board. Take Away Trail Run Awards a trail run, where you can collect multipliers and Ted Big Money Bonus counters. Mings Mystery Win Awards a Mystery Cash Bonus Prize. Ted Big Money Bonus Awards a Ted Big Money Bonus counter. Collect 5 to enter the Ted Big Money Bonus. Arrested Landing on this takes Ted to the ID parade. Make sure you're not Banged Up! If the Ted Big Money Bonus end game is reached, the player is presented with Ted in the centre of the screen surrounded by a carousel of multiplier values along with Sale signs down the left and right sides of the screen. The values will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. The player will then be prompted to pick a sale sign from either side of the carousel, revealing either RESPIN (which respins the values and adds to the bonus win) or COLLECT which ends the feature, awarding the player the overall Total Bet Multiplier achieved. S Mart Free Spins The player is awarded an initial amount of 5 Free Spins. Ted will be shown running on the conveyor belt next to the reels and positioned on the shelves behind the reels will be a scattering of Ted Wild symbols. During each spin the background shall move left to right changing the pattern of the Ted Wild symbols. Once the conveyor belt stops the reel positions will be populated with the corresponding number of wilds and process any line wins. Free Spins continue until all spins are used where the player is awarded the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings. Free spins cannot be retriggered during S Mart Free Spins. Ted Free Spins Ted Free Spins are played out on a 5x4 reel format with a fixed amount of Free Spins. Positioned above the reels shall be a bonus grid containing various enhancements such as cash prizes, extra free spins and extra wilds. After each free spin any special overlay symbols that land on the reels will award a super shot in the bonus grid. The player always begins in the bottom level and a marker will sweep left-to-right until it stops and awards the corresponding prize. After each sweep the last position shall be converted into an advance arrow thus increasing the change of advancing further up the grid. The feature ends when no free spins remain or if the player climbs to the top of the bonus grid which awards Ted Ted Big Money Bonus (after Free Spins end). Additional Free Spins can be awarded during Free Spins. Ted Big Money Bonus If the Ted Big Money Bonus end game is reached, the player is presented with Ted in the centre of the screen surrounded by a carousel of multiplier values along with Sale signs down the left and right sides of the screen. The values will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. The player will then be prompted to pick a sale sign from either side of the carousel, revealing either RESPIN (which respins the values and adds to the bonus win) or COLLECT which ends the feature, awarding the player the overall Total Bet Multiplier achieved. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game, the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game (except for Ted Big Money Bonus). After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Thunder Buddies Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet. 5x-30xbet) Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active except Ted Free Spins where you can activate up to 40 winlines). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active except Ted Free Spins where you can activate up to 40 winlines). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 5/23/2023