Divine Links INTRODUCTION Divine Links™ is a 5x3 online slot featuring Free Spins and a 5x4 Lux Reels™ Feature. 6 or more MONEY Scatter Symbols in view in the Main game or the Free Spins, award the Lux Reels™ Feature. Features 2 ways to trigger Free Spins and Lucksome Locks™, the "many chance" bonus trigger feature! Step 1: Getting Started Click the BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. All wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. 3 BONUS Scatter Symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus from the main game. 2 BONUS Scatter Symbols in view in the Main Game Lux Reels™ Feature will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 6 or more MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards a Lux Reels™ Feature. This can be triggered in the Main Game or in the Free Spins Bonus. 5 MONEY Scatter Symbols in view in the Main Game activates the Lucksome Locks™ feature (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements). In the Main Game, if the Lux Reels™ Feature and Free Spins feature are triggered on the same spin, the Lux Reels™ Feature will be played first before commencing the Free Spins Bonus. WILD MONEY Scatter Symbol The WILD MONEY Scatter Symbol (Coin with a "W") can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols excluding BONUS Scatter Symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning line combination. The WILD MONEY Scatter Symbol also acts as regular MONEY Scatter Symbol and can contribute to the chance of triggering the Lux Reels™ Feature. BONUS Scatter The BONUS Scatter Symbol (Rose) can appear on all reels in the Main Game and the Main Game Lux Reels™ Feature. 3 BONUS Scatter Symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus in the Main Game. 2 BONUS Scatter Symbols in view in the Main Game Lux Reels™ Feature will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Free Spins The player is awarded 6 (Medium or Low Volatility) or 8 (High Volatility) Free Spins depending on volatility chosen. If the player selects either the Medium or Low Volatility Choice, the Free Spins Lux Reels™ Feature is guaranteed to trigger in the Free Spins Bonus at least once. Also, a Main Game symbol is converted to a MONEY Scatter Symbol. This Main Game symbol is selected according to the Player's volatility choice when entering the bonus: Medium Volatility: Random selection from either one of 4 Royal Symbols or one of the 4 Picture Symbols (Aphrodite, Dove, Apple, Pearl) for Low Volatility. If the player selects High Volatility, the Free Spins has the chance to land in view higher Cash Values. 6 or more MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards a Lux Reels™ Feature. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins and any winnings gained from any triggered Lux Reels™ Features within Free Spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. MONEY Scatter MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. 6 or more MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards a Lux Reels™ Feature. Lux Reels™ Feature At the start of the Lux Reels™ Feature, the Reel Matrix will increase to 5x4, revealing a new top row. At the start of the Lux Reels™ Feature the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin using special Lux Reels™ Feature reels which contain MONEY Scatter Symbols, Mystery Symbols, or blank symbols. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol or Mystery Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Blank Symbols have no value. Landing only blank symbols 3 times in a row will end the Lux Reels™ Feature. When in view the Mystery Symbol can reveal either an Upgrade Symbol, a BONUS Scatter Symbol (except in Free Spins Lux Reels™ Feature), or another MONEY Scatter Symbol. Upgrade Symbols multiply the Cash Values on random selected MONEY Scatter Symbols currently in view by x2. All multiplied values will be multiplied by the same value for each Upgrade symbol selected. 2 Bonus Scatters when revealed can trigger the Free Spins Bonus. In this case the Lux Reels™ Feature will finish first before commencing the Free Spins Bonus. The total winnings in the Lux Reels™ Feature is the total sum of all the Cash Values on the MONEY Scatter Symbols in view at the end of the feature. At the end of the Lux Reels™ Feature if there is no Free Spins trigger, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. At the end of the Lux Reels™ Feature if there is a Free Spins trigger, the player will be asked to make a Volatility selection for the Free Spins bonus, then total winnings will be displayed in the Free Spins Gamble Screen. Free Spins Gamble If a player has triggered the Free Spins Bonus from the Main Game Lux Reels™ Feature and has enough winnings from the Main Game Lux Reels™ Feature, the player can enhance their Free Spins Bonus experience. The player must first select the volatility of the Free Spins Bonus before entering the Free Spins Gamble Feature. The Players has a choice of either 1. Buy an extra free spin with a portion of their winnings, 2. gamble a portion of their winnings to win 2 extra free spins or 3 collect the winnings and enter Free Spins as normal. This feature may not be available and is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements. Lucksome Locks™ (depending on Operator configuration) Lucksome Locks™ is a gamble feature that is enabled when a near miss of a game feature occurs (Availability of Lucksome Locks™ and is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements). When 5 MONEY Scatter Symbols are in view Lucksome Locks™ is enabled. When enabled the Lucksome Locks™ button will display the gamble cost for a Lucksome Locks™ spin. When the player selects the Lucksome Locks™ button the game will hold in place the 5 MONEY Scatter Symbols already in view and will randomly select new Cash Values for those symbols for each Lucksome Locks™ spin. During a Lucksome Locks™ spin only MONEY Scatter Symbols are active, the other Base Game Symbols cannot contribute to any win or Bonus Trigger. If no new MONEY symbols land in view, the gamble was unsuccessful. If more MONEY Scatter Symbols land in view the Main Game Lux Reels™ Feature is triggered. A player can play as many Lucksome Locks™ spins as they wish while it is enabled and there are sufficient funds to play the feature. The Player can continue with normal main game spins by hitting the Spin Button or using autoplay when Lucksome Locks™ is active and no Lucksome Locks™ spins are in progress. By resuming normal play, the Lucksome Locks™ functionality will be disabled until another result of 5 MONEY Scatter Symbols in view is drawn. Depending on game speed selection and game and operator configurations the Lucksome Locks™ feature may, when triggered interrupt and stop Autoplay to allow the player to use the feature. Free Spins Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Main Game. Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating the Free Spins Bonus. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The advertised "MAX WIN 8000x" refers specifically to the largest possible win on a single spin in the Lux Reels™ Feature in High Volatility Mode. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 7/26/2024