76ers Bank Shot 76ers Bank Shot Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Collect, Cash and Cashpot symbols. Cashpots 4 Cashpots are available within the game. Each Cashpot has its own award: MINI-25x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-150x, GRAND-1000x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet). Cashpots can be awarded during the base game and the bonus. Multiple cashpots can be won on the same game. Cash Collect Achieving Cash and/or Cashpot symbols on either reels 1 or 3 with a Collect symbol on reel 2 will trigger the Collect feature. The Cash and Cashpot symbols are active on reels 1 and 3. The Collect symbol is active on reel 2. Any Cash and Cashpot symbols will be accumulated on the Collect symbol and paid instantly. Bank Shot Bonus Achieving a Cash and/or Cashpot Symbol on reels 1 and 3 with a Collect symbol on reel 2 triggers the bonus. The Collect symbol will hold in place for the duration of the feature and will collect any Cash and/or Cashpot symbols that land in view. The player will have 3 Spins to achieve a new symbol in view. Each time a Cash or Cashpot symbol lands in view, it is added to any Collect symbols in view before being removed from the reels and resetting the Spins back to 3. Additional Collect symbols can land in view on reel 2 (up to a maximum of 3). The Bank Shot Bonus continues until all Spins have been used, where the player is paid the total accumulated on all Collect symbols in view. Slam Dunk Feature Any Collect, Cash or Cashpot symbols that land in view are added to the logo, giving the chance to award the Slam Dunk feature. If the Slam Dunk feature is triggered Cash, Cashpot and Collect symbols can be added to the reels, along with the chance of boosting any Cash symbol values already in view, guaranteeing the Bank Shot Bonus will be activated. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (5 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Available Cash and Cashpot Symbol outcomes are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, MINI-25x, MINOR-50x, MAJOR-150x, GRAND-1000x (all outcomes are multiplied by Total Bet). The Bank Shot Bonus is played on the same bet as the triggering game. The collection feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from Month/Day/Year: 08/22/2024 v3.0 Last modification date: 10/16/2024