Bankin' Even More Bacon JRE Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How to Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on any of the ways, then you win. Any wins you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Scatter symbols in view will trigger Piggy Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can appear on reels 2-6 in the main game and Bonus rounds. The Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter, Cash and Piggy Collect symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Piggy Collect When initially entering the game, the Piggy Collect symbol is active on reels 1 and 6. A Piggy Collect symbol appearing in view together with one or more Cash symbols during any spin, triggers the Piggy Collect feature. In the feature, the Piggy Collect symbol expands to cover the entire reel 1 or 6 and collects the values shown on the Cash Symbols after any initial wins are evaluated. The corresponding cash prizes are awarded in addition to any win ways. If a Golden Safe symbol appears on the reels during the Piggy Collect feature, it accumulates the values of any Cash symbols in view before being collected by the Piggy Collect symbol along with all of the Cash symbols. There are 5 upgrade levels in the Piggy Collect feature in the main game: Lock & Spin: once a Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Lock & Spin Piggy Collect symbol is unlocked on reels 1 and 6. If you land it, the Cash symbols that activated the feature will be held in position while active reels re-spin. This will continue until no new Cash symbols land in view. Win Stepper: once a Lock & Spin Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Win Stepper Piggy Collect symbol is unlocked on reels 1 and 6. If you land it, any initiating Cash symbols will step either up or down filling the whole reel with Cash symbols. Cash Match: once a Win Stepper Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Cash Match Piggy Collect symbol is unlocked on reels 1 and 6. If you land it, all Cash symbols in view will match to the Cash symbol of the largest value. Super Collect: once a Cash Match Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Super Collect Piggy Collect symbol is unlocked on reels 1 and 6. If you land it, all Cash symbols in view will be collected up to 5 times. Piggy Blitz: once a Super Collect Piggy Collect symbol collects any Cash symbols, the Piggy Blitz is unlocked in the main game, Piggy Spins and Super Piggy Spins. Once active, any non-collected Cash symbols in view will be added the Bankin’ Bacon Pot. Any unlocked Piggy Collect symbols remain active in the main game, Piggy Spins, and Super Piggy Spins from that point onwards. Piggy Blitz Golden Safe and Cash symbols that appear on the reels without a Piggy Collect symbol in view are collected to the Bankin’ Bacon Pot. On any spin with no wins, the Bankin’ Bacon Pot can be randomly animated triggering the Piggy Blitz feature. In the feature, you are asked to randomly pick one of the following modifiers: Bonus: awards Piggy Spins (ONLY AVAILABLE IN MAIN GAME) with a chance of a random cash prize (20x Bet, 100x Bet or 500x Bet) Super Bonus: awards Super Piggy Spins (ONLY AVAILABLE IN MAIN GAME) Bonus Wheel: a wheel spins to award one of the four prizes (20x Bet, 50x Bet, 200x Bet or 1000x Bet) Win Spin: several top paying symbols are added to the reels to guarantee a winning combination Cheque Collect: collects all Cash symbols on the reels, paying the combined value of the symbols in view Piggy Collect: adds Piggy Collect symbols to reel 1, reel 6, or both - depending on the types of Piggy Collect symbols active (excluding Lock & Spin). It can also add Golden Safe symbols, Cash symbols, or both to the reels to guarantee a win. Additional Spins: up to 5 additional spins are awarded (only active in Piggy Spins or Super Piggy Spins) Piggy Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Piggy Spins. 3 Scatter symbols = 10 Piggy Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 10 Piggy Spins + 20x Bet 5 Scatter symbols = 10 Piggy Spins + 100x Bet 6 Scatter symbols = 10 Piggy Spins + 500x Bet During the Piggy Spins, all unlocked Piggy Collect symbols remain active. On any spin where a Piggy Collect symbol lands on the reels, the cash prize is awarded for each Cash symbol in view. During the Piggy Spins, accumulating Piggy Collect symbols awards additional Piggy Spins and Cash symbol multipliers as follows: 3 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Piggy Spins + x2 multiplier 6 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Piggy Spins + x3 multiplier 9 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Piggy Spins + x5 multiplier 12 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Piggy Spins + x10 multiplier The awarded multipliers will be applied to the Cash symbols during the Collect feature. Piggy Spins continue until all Piggy Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Super Piggy Spins If the bonus starts on the retrigger position, you will only be awarded retriggering spins. The Super Piggy Spins bonus can be triggered only via Piggy Blitz. Once triggered, Pick an Upgrade is awarded before you enter Super Piggy Spins which can award one or more of the following upgrades: Boost Trail: boosts the progress trail above the reels to x2 level of Piggy Spins Extra Spins: awards 5 additional Piggy Spins Golden Safe: adds extra Golden Safe symbols to the reels + Golden Cheques: adds extra Cash Symbols with 20x Bet, 50x Bet, 200x Bet or 1000x Bet prizes to the reels + Piggy Collect: adds extra Piggy Collect symbols to reels 1 and 6 In the Boost Trail upgrade, the x2 level will be unlocked without awarding 5 additional Piggy Spins. During the Super Piggy Spins, accumulating Piggy Collect symbols awards additional Piggy Spins and Cash symbol multipliers as follows: 3 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Piggy Spins + x2 multiplier 6 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Piggy Spins + x3 multiplier 9 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Piggy Spins + x5 multiplier 12 Piggy Collect symbols = 5 extra Piggy Spins + x10 multiplier The awarded multipliers will be applied to the Cash symbols during the Collect feature. Super Piggy Spins continue until all Piggy Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Autoplay (SUBJECT TO OPERATOR CONFIGURATION AND JURISDICTIONAL REQUIREMENTS) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Autoplay will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Piggy Spins and Super Piggy Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). Autoplay will stop if you reach the set Win Limit, Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Autoplay from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency and volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Payouts are multiplied by the stake. Wins on different ways are added together. All wins are paid in accordance with the Paytable. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways are always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Cash symbols display values between 0.5x and 1000x Bet. The collection feature in the game is for visual purposes only and does not influence games outcomes. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Theoretical return to the player is 95% Last modification date: 9/23/2025