Genie Wishmaker Jackpot Royale INTRODUCTION Genie Wishmaker™ is a 5-reel 20-line slot with in-reel modifiers and multiple bonus rounds. The game has 6 enchanting features including BIG MONEY where you can win up to 1000xTotal Bet! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards a Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol substitute for all symbols except scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Standard Wild, Genie Wild, Monkey Wild, Reel Wild and Multiplying Wild. Wishmaker Modifiers Wishmaker Modifiers can be triggered randomly during any spin. Infectious Monkey Wilds - Wilds will land on the next reel spin, these will randomly spread to nearby reel positions. Genie Wilds - Genie flies from the lamp and turns random reel positions wild. Colossal Genie - As the reels continue to spin, 3 adjacent reels are turned into a Colossal Reel. Mystery Wishes - Chooses a random symbol to be displayed in every Mystery symbol in view. Genie Streak - Genie will lock a winning symbol in place and respin the reels locking any additional wins in place. This continues until no matching symbols land in view. Bonus Boost - Extra Bonus symbols will be added to the reels. This significantly increases the chance of triggering the bonus on that spin. Win Spin – Guaranteed to award a big winning spin. There is also an additional modifier which can trigger after any spin turning a lose into a win. On a losing spin Genie will hit the reels causing new symbols to appear in view. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. The player will spin the wheel, which after a spin will stop on one of 6 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Sultans Jewels Bonus Select Chests to reveal an outcome: CASH ADD (adds a cash amount based on the player's total bet); COLLECT (ends the feature); KEY (Collect 3 to be awarded another feature); GENIE (opens 3 Chests that do not contain COLLECT). Magic Carpet Bonus Select a lamp to move along the trail. Reveal a special Genie icon to be magically transported to a random position in front of you on the trail. Reach the end of the trail to enter Big Money where you can win up to 1000x your stake. Reveal Collect to end the feature. Lucky Wishes Cash Spin The player is awarded 3 Cash Spins. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Blank Symbols have no value. Landing only blank symbols 3 times in a row, or filling every position with MONEY Scatter Symbols will end Lucky Wishes. Filling every reel position with a MONEY Scatter Symbol will trigger one of the following outcomes: RETRIGGER (Banks the current winnings and starts the feature again); MULTIPLIER X2, X3, X4 or X5 (Multiplies the current winnings by the factor shown); CASH BOOST (Upgrades random values). Golden Touch Free Spins At the start of each spin Genie can fly from the lamp and turn an entire reel Wild. Genie can fly into the same reel more than once, this will increase the wild multiplier by 1 each time. Genie's Wild Storm Free Spins At the start of the feature Genie will add additional Wilds to the reels. If a Wild lands in view then Genie will fly from the lamp and place a Wild Frame in that reel position. Which stays in place until the final spin. If a Wild Lands in the same position as a Wild Frame it will improve the frame one level. On the last spin Genie will turn all Wild Frame positions into Wild symbols. The level of the Wild Frame will determine the Wild Multiplier (X1, X2, X3, X4 or X5). Big Money Bonus The values will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. Keep picking scrolls to spin the values and win prizes. Reveal Collect to end the feature. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for Big Money Bonus), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 6 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet. 5x-35xbet) The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Jackpot Royale During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot Royale Bonus can be triggered. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active except Genie's Wild Storm Free Spins Free Spins where 40 winlines are always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active except Genie's Wild Storm Free Spins Free Spins where 40 winlines are always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/19/2024