Billy The G.O.A.T Billy The G.O.A.T ™ Player Instructions Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Win Ways Each spin has 4,096 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form ways wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for Scatter or Bonus symbols. The G.O.A.T Symbol The G.O.A.T symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5. The G.O.A.T symbol can reveal either the X Wild, X Wins or Diamond Symbols. Any symbol revealed will be multiplied by corresponding multiplier in the top reel. X Wilds, once revealed, will expand to cover the whole reel and award a multiplier on any wins which include the X Wild symbol. X Wins, once revealed, will multiply any wins in view by the corresponding multiplier. Diamonds, once revealed, will have the corresponding multiplier applied and be added to the Bonus collection meter. Bonus Activation Collecting 100 or more Diamond symbols will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. If the player changes their base stake during the game the Diamond meter will reset. (Any Diamonds already accumulated prior to changing stake will be held over) Bonus Gamble Chance Collecting 50 or more symbols activates the Bonus Gamble Chance. If the player chooses to gamble they will be gambling the corresponding number of Diamonds shown in the gamble panel. Landing in the Gold section will fill the meter and award the Bonus. Landing in the Red section results in a losing spin with the player losing their Diamonds and returning to the base game. If the player chooses not to gamble they return to the base game. If the gamble is not taken it will be offered again at the next threshold. The thresholds for the Gamble are 50, 60, 70, 80 or 90 Diamonds collected. X Wild Free Spins The player will be awarded X Wild 10 Free Spins. During X Wild Free Spins, if the Golden X Wild symbol is revealed, it will expand to cover the whole reel. The Golden X Wild symbol will be locked for the remaining Free Spins. Each Golden X Wild symbol revealed will also award 1 additional Free Spin. X Wilds will multiply any wins which include the X Wild symbol. Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins by filling the Diamond meter, awarding the same number of Free Spins as the triggering game. X Wins Free Spins The player will be awarded X Wins 10 Free Spins. During X Wins Free Spins, if the X Wins symbol is revealed, it will multiply any wins in view. Each X Wins Free Spins Multiplier will be added to the incremental Multiplier bank for the remaining Free Spins Each Golden X Wins symbol revealed will also award 1 additional Free Spin. Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins by filling the Diamond meter, awarding the same number of Free Spins as the triggering game. G.O.A.T Bet (depending on Operator configuration) Once pressed the player can choose between 2 options. Bonus Bet: Once activated the Bonus meter will automatically fill to the top, activating Free Spins. Bonus Bet is played at 81x Total Bet. The cost of the Bonus Bet is reduced when a Diamond is added to the Bonus meter. G.O.A.T Chance: Depending on price of play, the player can increase the chance of The G.O.A.T symbol appearing during the game. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 12/6/2022