Porkin Cash Pots Combo Frenzy Jackpot Royale Introduction Introducing Porkin’ Cash Pots Combo Frenzy™ Jackpot Royale, our 5x6 online slot is a familiar tale of a Wolf and 3 Little Piggies, but this time you want the Wolf to win! The game features Bonus Pots, 3 different Bonus rounds, as well as their combinations - Combo Bonuses, and offers cash wins, Wild Coins and Pots wins on top of 50 line reel wins! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available bets from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 3, 4, or 5 matching symbols, excluding Special symbols, on one of the win lines starting from the leftmost reel, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 4 or more fully in view Special symbols will guarantee triggering a random Bonus round. Character Symbols There are 3 Character symbols in the game which are 4 symbol positions high. Any 2 random Character symbols can appear on the reels on any spin. Wild Symbol and Wild Coin Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels and substitute for other symbols excluding Special symbols. The Wild symbol is 2 symbol positions high. Wild Coin symbols can appear anywhere on the reels during any Bonus round involving the Sticks Bonus. Wild Coin symbols overlay the reels, turning positions wild. Wild Coin symbols substitute for other symbols excluding Special symbols. The Wild Coin symbol is 1 symbol position high. Wild Coin symbols pay the same as standard Wild symbols. Special Symbol and Bonus Pots There are 3 Bonus Pots in the game: The Straw Pot The Sticks Pot The Bricks Pot The Special symbol is 2 symbol positions high and can appear on any reel in the main game and any Bonus round. Special symbols must be fully in view to be active. When 1 or more Special symbols land fully in view, any random Bonus Pot(s) may be triggered. The visual changes of the Bonus Pot do not affect triggering the Bonus. Bonus Round General Rules 1 or more fully in view Special symbols have a chance to trigger a random Bonus round. 4 or more fully in view Special symbols will guarantee triggering a random Bonus round. When a Bonus round is triggered, the corresponding Bonus Pot fully reveals the pig inside and the relevant Bonus is awarded. The game features 3 Bonuses: The Straw Bonus The Sticks Bonus The Bricks Bonus It is possible to trigger multiple Bonuses (up to one of each type) in the same main game spin, this would be a Combo Bonus. After the Bonus round is triggered, a Mystery Wheel appears to define the number of bonus spins for the Bonus round. Straw Bonus 5 to 10 bonus spins can be won on the Mystery Wheel for the Straw Bonus. Each Special symbol that lands fully in view will award one of the following prize types: 1, 3, or 5 extra spins. Cash wins from 1 to 40 x bet. Sticks Bonus 7 to 12 bonus spins can be won on the Mystery Wheel for the Sticks Bonus. Each Special symbol that lands fully in view will award one of the following prize types: 4 to 10 Wild Coin symbols randomly placed on the reels. It is guaranteed that reels 1-3 will get at least 1 Wild Coin each. Cash wins from 1 to 40 x bet. Bricks Bonus 9 to 15 bonus spins can be won on the Mystery Wheel for the Bricks Bonus. In the Bricks Bonus, there are 2 types of prizes that each Special Symbol landing on the reels can award: Cash Pots: Mega (500 x bet), Major (50 x bet), Minor (20 x bet), Mini (10 x bet). Cash wins from 1 to 40 x bet. It is possible to win multiple Cash Pot prizes in the same Bonus round and/or Bonus spin. It is only possible to win Cash Pots prizes in Bonus rounds involving the Bricks Bonus. Combo Bonus The type of Combo Bonus awarded is defined randomly. Cash wins during Combo Bonuses can only be awarded from the highest value pig in play. The pig from the Bricks Bonus has the highest value, and the pig from the Straw Bonus has the lowest. There are 4 types of possible Combo Bonuses: Straw and Sticks Bonus This Bonus combines features of the Straw Bonus and the Sticks Bonus. 12 to 22 bonus spins can be won on the Mystery Wheel. Straw and Bricks Bonus This Bonus combines features of the Straw Bonus and the Bricks Bonus. 14 to 25 bonus spins can be won on the Mystery Wheel. Sticks and Bricks Bonus This Bonus combines features of the Sticks Bonus and the Bricks Bonus. 16 to 27 bonus spins can be won on the Mystery Wheel. Porkin' Cash Pots Super Bonus This Bonus combines features of the Straw Bonus, the Sticks Bonus, and the Bricks Bonus. 21 to 37 bonus spins can be won on the Mystery Wheel. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. (Availability of Autoplay is subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements.) By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will pause if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins and resume on returning to the Main Game. Auto Play will stop if you reach any set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Autoplay from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules All winning combinations are added together. Cash and Cash Pot Prizes are paid in addition to reel wins. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel (50 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 4/22/2025