Inspector Gadget Inspector Gadget - Player Instructions INTRODUCTION Inspector Gadget is a 5-reel 20-line slot based on the classic TV series! The game has 5 M.A.D features as well as M.A.D Money! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards the Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Safe Heist during the Bonus awards the Safe Heist Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Dr Claw's M.A.D Agent Bonus during the Bonus awards Dr Claw's M.A.D Agent Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Every Penny Counts Free Spins during the Bonus awards Every Penny Counts Free Spins. Spinning the wheel and landing on M.A.D Dash Free Spins during the Bonus awards the M.A.D Dash Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on M.A.D Money during the Bonus awards the M.A.D Money Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Bomb (standard) Wild, Gadget Wilds, Penny Stacked Wilds, Colossal Wild and Free Spins M.A.D Wilds. Go Go Gadget Spin On any spin a phone call can occur on the reels. If Gadget answers the phone to either Penny, Brain or Quimby one of the following modifiers are awarded: - Mission Gadget Wilds - Whilst the reels spin Gadget will appear to create wilds on the reels through multiple Gadget animations. Watch out for Go Go Gadget reels which can expand up to 7 symbols high activating up to 50 winlines. - Mission Penny Stacked Wilds - Whilst the reels spin Stacked Wilds will spin past the reels. Any which stop will be placed on the reels. Watch out for Go Go Gadget reels which can expand the reels and activate additional winlines. - Mission Mystery Brain - Whilst the reels spin Mystery Brain symbols are added to the reels. When the reels stop any in view will transform into any other symbol (expect Bonus). Watch out for Go Go Gadget reels which can expand the reels and activate additional winlines. - Mission Colossal Symbols - Whilst the reels spin a shutter will come down to cover the reels. When revealed a colossal symbol will be revealed which can land in reels 1, 2 and 3 or reels 2, 3 and 4. Watch out for Go Go Gadget reels which can expand the reels and activate additional winlines. - Mission M.A.D Added - Whilst the reels spin M.A.D Bonus symbols are added to the reels. This will activate an anticipation spin and if 3 or more Bonus symbols land in view the Bonus is awarded. There are also two additional modifiers which can trigger after any spin both turning a lose into a win. On a losing spin a mallet can appear which will reset the reels into a win, and also a phone call can occur which Quimby can appear coming on in a safe which will explode to reveal a win. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 5 unique M.A.D bonuses which will be determined by spinning a wheel. The player will spin the wheel, which after a spin will stop on one of 5 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Safe Heist Bonus Triggered by landing on the Safe Heist segment of the wheel during the Bonus. After a short transition, a scene will be shown with a number of safes. Pick a safe to begin the feature, this is now your safe. From there, pick other safes to remove different prizes. After so many the computer will make you an offer and you can Take or Reject. If you go to the very end the computer may give you an offer to swap your safe. All 4 additional Bonuses can be won from this Bonus. Dr Claw's M.A.D Agent Bonus Triggered by landing on the Dr Claw's M.A.D Agent Bonus segment of the wheel during the Bonus. After a short transition, a scene will be shown with a number of M.A.D items on a computer screen along with a winplan to the left. The player selects the M.A.D items to reveal an agent. Each agent will match up to a total bet multiplier, which is paid for matching 3 of the same item. Additionally, revealing a special M.A.D Cat will upgrade the total bet multipliers, and collecting 3 M.A.D symbols shall award the M.A.D Money Bonus. Watch out for the golden spacebar which is active if M.A.D Money is guaranteed. Simply pressing it will take the player straight into M.A.D Money rather than revealing it. Every Penny Counts Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Every Penny Counts Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Bonus. A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, the top of the M.A.D Headquarters with multiple reels below. The screen will start at the top, before the screen pans down the other reel sets, which display the reels with fixed wilds in position. The player is then presented with the bottom level. Gadget can then appear to take the player on a journey up M.A.D Headquarters and stop at random locations with fixed wilds in position. Free Spins continue until all spins are used where the player is awarded the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings. M.A.D Dash Free Spins Triggered by landing on the M.A.D Dash Free Spins segment of the wheel during the Bonus. M.A.D Dash Free Spins are played out on a 5x4 reel format with a fixed amount of Free Spins. Positioned above the reels shall be a bonus grid containing various enhancements such as cash prizes, extra free spins and extra wilds. After each free spin any special overlay symbols (Car) that land on the reels will award a drive in the Gadget Car in the bonus trail. The Gadget Car will drive around the trail until it stops and awards the corresponding prize. The feature ends when no free spins remain. Additional Free Spins can be awarded during Free Spins. M.A.D Money will play out afterwards, if the Bonus is triggered. M.A.D Money Bonus Collecting 5 Bonus symbols, gambling to, or having landed on the M.A.D Money Bonus on the Bonus Wheel triggers the Big Money Bonus. Here the player will be presented with numerous different amounts in bombs where the bombs will spin around Dr Claw. Keep picking from M.A.D icons to spin the bombs and collect big money prizes until COLLECT is revealed. The size of the prize is determined by the colour of the bomb, bronze being small, silver being medium and gold being large. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for M.A.D MONEY Bonus), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet ranging from 5x-30xbet). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active except Go Go Gadget Expanding Reels where up to 50 can be activated). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active except M.A.D Dash Free Spins where 20 winlines are active, but more can be added). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 1/10/2023