Fortune Of Cai Shen Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on one of the ways, then you win. Any winning ways you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Reel Wins In Superways games, there are no lines to follow and there are 243 ways to win. All wins across different combinations are added together to form the total win. Picture symbols can be “leveled up” into Gold versions at the cost of a higher bet. All winning symbols must appear on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest win is paid on each way. Wild Symbol The Cai Shen symbol can be used to help form combination wins by substituting for other symbols. The Cai Shen symbol cannot substitute for Bonus Scatter or Red Pocket Envelope Symbols. The Cai Shen symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Free Games Achieving 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols anywhere in view awards Free Games. During the Feature, the Cai Shen is a 3 high symbol that awards 2 Red Pocket Envelope Symbols. If the Cai Shen Symbol lands partially onscreen, it nudges up or down to be fully displayed onscreen. Free Games can be retriggered during the feature. Free Games continue until all Free Games are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Red Pocket Jackpot™ Red Pocket Envelopes appear randomly on the reels during the base and feature. When a Red Pocket Envelope lands on the reels, it is collected into the Coin Pot. During reel spins, the Coin Pot can award 5 randomly placed Red Pocket Envelopes on the reels. If 5 or more Red Pocket Envelopes appear (from the Coin Pot, or spun on to the reels, or both), the Red Pocket Jackpot game is triggered and awards Jackpots Spins equivalent to the number of Red Pocket Envelopes present on screen. All Red Pocket Envelopes spun in are held on screen. No other wins are paid during the Red Pocket Jackpot spins. The player must press Start to begin each Red Pocket Jackpot spin. At the end of the Red Pocket Jackpot game, all win values on the Red Pocket Envelopes are added and awarded. If all 15 positions on the screen are full of Red Pocket Envelopes then the 'Grand Jackpot' is awarded along with each win value on the Red Pocket Envelopes. During the Red Pocket Jackpot the game will have 4 available pot wins. Grand, Major, Minor and Mini. The Grand and Major pots are always fixed values. The Minor and Mini pots will increase at certain stake thresholds. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Wins with different combinations are added. Bonus symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels. The Free Game feature and Red Pocket Jackpot game can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to combination wins. Free Games are played at the same symbol level and Bet as the triggering game. The collection feature in the game is for visual purposes only and does not influence games outcomes. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 11/7/2024