Ted Cashlock Ted™ Cash Lock™ Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Ted Bonus Wheel. 6 or more Rainbow Ted Scatter Symbols in view awards Free Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Ted Modifiers During any spin in the main game, Ted can appear and add extra Bonus or Rainbow Ted symbols to the reels, giving an increased chance of a win. At the end of a non-winning spin, Ted can appear and change the reels to a winning combination. Free Spins The player is awarded a number of Free Spins based on the number of Rainbow Ted Symbols in view. Prior to the first spin of free spins, any Rainbow Ted symbols in view will have a special Bronze border appear around the symbol. During any Free Spin, if a Rainbow Ted lands in view, a special Bronze border will be drawn around the symbol. If a Bronze border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Silver. If a Silver border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Gold. If a Rainbow Ted lands in view where a Gold border is already in place, it will move the Ted to another position on the reels, adding or upgrading a border. 3 Rainbow Ted Scatter symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards an additional spin. After all free spins have been played, the positions with a special border around them change to special Ted symbols. Ted will then appear on screen and reveal cash values from every special Ted symbol in view. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Bonus Scatter The BONUS Scatter Symbol can appear on any reel. BONUS Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Ted Bonus Wheel. Ted Bonus Wheel 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Ted Bonus Wheel. Spin the Ted Bonus Wheel to win 1 of 3 Free Spins bonus rounds. Ted Colossal Spins The player is awarded 6 Free Spins. Prior to the first spin of free spins, a pre-spin will take place consisting of Colossal Ted symbols, before stopping, with any Colossal Ted symbols in view changing to normal Rainbow Ted symbols. Any Rainbow Ted symbols in view will have a special Bronze border appear around the symbol. During any Free Spin, if a Rainbow Ted lands in view, a special Bronze border will be drawn around the symbol. If a Bronze border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Silver. If a Silver border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Gold. If a Rainbow Ted lands in view where a Gold border is already in place, it will move the Ted to another position on the reels, adding or upgrading a border. 3 Rainbow Ted Scatter symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards an additional spin. After all free spins have been played, the positions with a special border around them change to special Ted symbols. Ted will then appear on screen and reveal cash values from every special Ted symbol in view. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Lazer Gun Spins The player is awarded 6 Free Spins. Prior to the first spin of free spins, Ted Will appear and shoot his lazer gun, adding a number of special borders which can be of any colour. During any Free Spin, if a Rainbow Ted lands in view, a special Bronze border will be drawn around the symbol. If a Bronze border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Silver. If a Silver border is already around the position, it is upgraded to Gold. If a Rainbow Ted lands in view where a Gold border is already in place, it will move the Ted to another position on the reels, adding or upgrading a border. 3 Rainbow Ted Scatter symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards an additional spin. After all free spins have been played, the positions with a special border around them change to special Ted symbols. Ted will then appear on screen and reveal cash values from every special Ted symbol in view. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Super High Spins The player is awarded 6 Free Spins. Prior to the first spin of free spins, the positions where the Bonus symbols landed in view have a Gold border added to them. During Super High Spin, if a Rainbow Ted lands in view, it is guaranteed to add a special Gold border around the symbol. If a Rainbow Ted symbol lands in a position that already has a Gold Border, a non-gold position is chosen at random to have the Gold border applied. 3 Rainbow Ted Scatter symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards an additional spin. After all free spins have been played, the positions with a special border around them change to the special Gold Ted symbols. Ted will then appear on screen and reveal cash values from every special Ted symbol in view. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the duration of Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Thunder Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Extra Bet can be activated during the Base Game. While active the chance of triggering a bonus is increased. The Extra Bet is played at the cost of an additional 0.25x Total Bet. Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game. This will take the player immediately into the Ted Bonus Wheel. The Ted Bonus Wheel will award 1 of 4 Free Spins rounds. The Bonus Buy is played at a cost of 100xbet. Auto Play(subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules 20 winlines are always active in both the main game and the free spins bonus rounds. Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different pay-lines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game. Bronze Border awards 1x-5x Total Bet. Silver Border awards 6x-10x Total Bet. Gold Border awards 11x-500x Total Bet. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/21/2023