Viking Fall Player Instructions Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. When a Wild Symbol lands in view it will increase the Win-X Multiplier by 1. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Win-X Multiplier The Win-X Multiplier will multiply all reel wins by the value show. During the base game the Win-X Multiplier will reset after every spin. During the Free Falls the Win-X Multiplier will accumulate until the end of the feature. Colossal Symbol On any spin a Colossal Symbol can fall into view. The Colossal Symbol will reveal a random symbol. The Colossal Symbol will always award a win. Colossal cannot reveal Wild or Scatter. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels. 3 Scatter Symbols in view awards 6 Free Spins (Each additional Scatter Symbol adds an extra 2 Free Spins). Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins The Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet. Free Spins During Free Spins the Win-X Multiplier is active which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 with every Wild that lands in view. During Free Spins the Minimum Ways is active which starts at 4096 and will increase one level after each winning spin, to a maximum of 262,144. The active level will persist until the end of the feature. Free Spins can retrigger during the Free Spins Feature. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 3/28/2023