Lightning Gold Jackpot Royale Lightning Gold™ Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a way of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on any of the ways, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and displayed to the player. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter, Cash Collect, Cash and Cashpot symbols. Lightning Gold The COLLECT chip symbols are active on reels 1 and 6. During any spin where a Cash chip symbol lands in view, if a Collect Scatter symbol lands in view on reels 1 or 6 then the Lightning Gold cash collect feature is triggered. Any Cash chip symbols with be accumulated on the Collect symbol (Cash values range from 0.5x - 15x Bet). Landing any Cashpot chip symbols with a Collect chip symbol (MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value (Minor: 25xbet; Major: 250xbet; Mega: 1000xbet). Bonus 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on the reels will trigger bonus. Choose either Wild Spins or Cash Spins. Wild Spins During Wild Spins, all Cash, Pot and Collect chip symbols are removed from the reels and the increasing Wild Multiplier becomes active. Each time a wild lands in view, it will add to the Wild trail, increasing the Wild Multiplier value by x1. Any wins achieved are multiplied by the value reached on the Wild trail. 2 or more Bonus symbols in view will award additional spins: 2 Bonus symbols awards 4 additional spins Wild Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Wild Spins are played automatically at the same bet and number of ways as the initiating game. Wilds are only active on reels 2-5 during Wild Spins. Cash Spins During Cash Spins, only Cash, Pot, Collect and Lightning Bolt symbols are active on the reels. Each time a Cash chip symbol lands in view, it will add to the Cash Spins trail. Collecting 9 Cash or Cashpot symbols will award 1 additional spin along with a x2 multiplier for any Cash collects. Once completed, the trail is reset and a new number of Cash or Cashpot symbols to collect is needed. Collecting 10 Cash or Cashpot symbols will award 1 additional spin along with a x3 multiplier for any Cash collects. Once completed, the trail is reset and a new number of Cash or Cashpot symbols to collect is needed. Collecting 11 Cash or Cashpot symbols will award 1 additional spin along with a x5 multiplier for any Cash collects. Once completed, the trail is reset and a new number of Cash or Cashpot symbols to collect is needed. Collecting 12 Cash or Cashpot symbols will award 1 additional spin along with a x10 multiplier for any Cash collects. Once completed, no further spins or multipliers can be awarded. Cash Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bonus Buy (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game. The Bonus Buy is played at 75x Total Bet. Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating the Bonus. Choose either Cash Spins or Wild Spins. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Bonus Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature frequency & volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Reel wins are multiplied by the value of the base game bet. Wins on different ways are added. All way pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (4096 ways always active). Only the highest win is paid on each win way. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Wild Spins are played on the same number of ways and bet as the triggering game. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 4/24/2025