Big Catch Bass Fishing Megaways JPR Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (or any fish symbol) starting from the leftmost reel on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. The Fisherman substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Games Bonus. During Free Games all Fisherman symbols landing on the reels award the cash prize for each Fish symbol in view. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Pick A Fish Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. Before the bonus starts, up to 5 upgrades can be revealed and applied to all subsequent games. Any future upgrades will apply from the point they are revealed. The bonus can start without any upgrades. Tackle Box Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Fisherman (cash tags range: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 xbet). Fly Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Fisherman (cash tags range: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 xbet). Rod Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Fisherman (cash tags range: 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,18,20 xbet). Boat Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Fisherman (cash tags range: 5,6,7,8,9,10,15,18,20,25,30,40,50 xbet). +Collect - A Golden Fisherman is activated and can collect all Cash values up to 5 times. Re-Spin - All none CASH and FISHERMAN symbols will be respun. The reels keep respinning until the win is no longer improved. +Games - Up to 5 additional Free Games will be awarded. Next Level - The trail will be incremented to the next retrigger position (If awarded on initial entry, the player will start from the retrigger position with only the initial games). Pick A Fish - Additional Pick A Fish positions will be added to the remaining trail. Minimum Megaways - Guarantees a minimum amount of Megaways. Can award 5,000, 10,000 or 15,625 Megaways. Free Games Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. If the bonus starts on the retrigger position, the player will only be awarded the triggering games. After selecting possible upgrades from Pick A Fish, the Bonus round will start. During Free Games the Fisherman Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Fisherman symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each CASH symbol that also lands in view. Everytime a Fisherman lands in view, he will add to the trail for the chance of additional spins. Collecting 4 Fisherman symbols will award 10 additional games along with a x2 multiplier for any CASH symbols the Fisherman collects. Collecting 8 Fisherman symbols will award 10 additional games along with a x3 multiplier for any CASH symbols the Fisherman collects. Collecting 12 Fisherman symbols will award 10 additional games along with a x10 multiplier for any CASH symbols the Fisherman collects. The retrigger spins are played after the previous set of games has finished. If the bonus starts on the retrigger position, the player will only be awarded the triggering spins. Free Games continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Jackpot Royale 6 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. All pay symbols must appear on consecutive reels from left to right. Only the highest win is paid on each way. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 8/20/2024