Big Catch Bass Fishing Christmas Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on consecutive reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Games Bonus. During Free Games all Fisherman symbols landing on the reels award the cash prize for each Fish symbol in view. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. All wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols during Free Games. The Wild symbol is only active during Features. Pick A Fish Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. Before the bonus starts, an upgrade will be selected and applied to all subsequent games. Any future upgrades will apply from the point they are selected. Tackle Box Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Fisherman (cash tags range from 1x - 10x Bet). Fly Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Fisherman (cash tags range from 1x - 10x Bet). Rod Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Fisherman (cash tags range from 5x - 20x Bet). Boat Tag - Activates a CASH tag on the selected symbol which will be collected by the Fisherman (cash tags range: 5x - 50x Bet). Trail Boost - Up to 4 Fishermen will be added to the trail. +Fisherman - Additional Fishermen are added to the reels. +Golden Fisherman - Adds Golden Fishermen to the reels which will award a multiplier on any values collected (will multiply values by up to x10). Re-Spin - All non-CASH and non-FISHERMAN symbols will be respun. The reels keep respinning until the win is no longer improved. +Games - Up to 5 additional Games will be awarded. Start Free Games - Automatically starts the bonus round. The player will be able to select upgrades until Start Free Games is revealed or 5 upgrades are active. Free Games Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. After selecting an upgrade from Pick A Fish, the Bonus round will start. During Free Games the Fisherman Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Fisherman or Golden Fisherman symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each CASH symbol that also lands in view. Everytime a Fisherman lands in view, he will add to the trail. Collecting 4 Fishermen will upgrade CASH symbols and award 5 additional free games. Collecting 8 Fishermen will upgrade CASH symbols further and award 5 additional free games. Collecting 12 Fishermen will upgrade CASH symbols to the maximum level and award 5 additional free games. If the bonus starts on the retrigger position, the player will only be awarded the triggering spins. If a Golden Fisherman lands in view (along with CASH symbols), the player will be awarded a Golden Multiplier. Before all the CASH symbol values are collected, the player will be presented with three Fish to select from, which will award a multiplier ranging from x2 to x10. Once upgrading all fish to the largest fish no more additional games will be awarded. Free Games continue until all free games are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bonus Buy(subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) The Bonus Buy can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the player can choose from 2 options. Buy Big Splash Bonus. Guarantees the bonus will trigger. Big Splash Bonus costs x100 bet. Buy Extra Big Splash Bonus. Guarantees the bonus and 5 upgrades from pick a fish. Extra Big Splash Bonus costs x200 bet. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Volatility may vary depending on number of games played. Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Games are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). Bonus Buy bets do not contribute towards any progressive jackpots or jackpot features. Progressive pots and Jackpot features cannot be triggered during Bonus Buy play. Volatility may vary depending on number of games played. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 12/17/2024