Crabbin' For Cash Jackpot Royale Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game (depending on jurisdiction and Operator configuration, Spacebar may also be used to start a game). The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. The Fisherman substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During Free Spins all Fisherman symbols landing on the reels award the cash prize for each Crustacean symbol in view. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. All Wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. During Free Spins the Fisherman Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Fisherman symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Crustacean symbol that also lands in view. If a Gold Fisherman lands in view (along with Crustaceans), the player will be awarded a Golden Multiplier. Before all the Crustaceans values are collected the player will be presented with 3 Crab Pots to select from which shall award a multiplier ranging from x2 to x10. Collecting 4 Fishermen will upgrade Crustaceans and award 5 additional free spins. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Bonus Buy (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) When selecting Bonus Buy the player has the option to buy directly into the Free Spins feature. Buy Golden Catch Free Spins costs 180x Current Bet and guarantees that every Fisherman that lands in view will be golden. Jackpot Royale 5 Jackpot Royale overlay symbols on the reels triggers the Jackpot Royale Bonus. The Jackpot Royale Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot Royale System. Spin the reels to accumulate Jackpot Royale symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Jackpot Royale symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Jackpot Royale Symbols during the Jackpot Royale Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot Royale Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value until the jackpot is won Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). Bonus Buy bets do not contribute towards any progressive jackpots or jackpot features. Progressive pots and Jackpot features cannot be triggered during Bonus Buy play. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 10/25/2023