3D European Roulette Objective Your objective is to accurately guess the outcome of the roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). The Game Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places his bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. Game Options: Sound on or off How to play Select the amount you want to bet on a given number/ group by tapping on the chip of the selected denomination and tapping the targeted number/group and repeating this action until you reach the desired amount; To remove a chip from the table, click UNDO or CLEAR BET ; Once you finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘ SPIN’ button; When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number; Spin the wheel with the same bet by clicking on REBET after a game is finished; Double your bet by clicking on REBET×2 button; There is the ability to place continuous 5 numbers/VOSINS/ORPHELNS/TIERS bets by pressing on small table on the right side of the screen; Click on the 'Game Rules' button on the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'Game logs' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on ' Rebuy ' to buy more credits into the game balance from your Account. To exit the game, click the X button in the upper right-hand corner. Click on QUICK DEPOSIT button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules and pay outs are identical in both the real-money and play-money (play for points) versions. Rules You may place as many bets as you like, within the maximum table limit; After the ball stops the number will be displayed on the side of the spinning wheel; After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bets; Your actions are restricted by your balance; Tech/operational malfunctions voids all pays and plays. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The stats window displays your last 23 results. The statistics window indicates red results with red numbers and black results with white numbers. European Roulette Winning Ratios Name Meaning Winning Ratio Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 5:1 Dozen A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1-18 19-36 A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, you can add funds in your account. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 1/29/2019