Atlantis Mystery Uncovered Objective: Atlantis Mystery Uncovered is a slot game with two JACKPOTS, a 5 of a kind BONUS, and a FREE GAME FEATURE. It is played on 5 reels with 3 symbols shown on each reel. There is a WILD substituting for all symbols except the SCATTER. The SCATTER triggers and retriggers the free game feature. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.07%. How to play: When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping on ▲ or ▼ buttons on the 'LINES & Bet' panel. There are no lines in this game. All wins are left to right in any position except scatters pay anywhere. The TOTAL BET is 25 times the bet per win. As the bet is changed the highlight of different regions of the screen change. Jackpots can only be won in these regions. Some regions may randomly be highlighted after pressing SPIN according to the size of the bet. The SPIN button in the middle right position starts the game. AUTOSPIN: To use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold 'SPIN' button. You can change autospins amount by using ▲ or ▼ buttons. To start autospins tap on 'SPIN' button. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Tap on ‘ ? ’ button located on the upper left side of the screen to view the game rules. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. RULES Tap on the “ i ” button to navigate to Game Rules. The RULES can be viewed by clicking on the ► button in the rules pages. You can go back to the game by clicking on the BACK TO GAME button. Features: PayTable: Game History Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” under My Casino on the Casino Tab. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, tap on ‘ + ’ button in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.