Aztec Gold Objective: Aztec Gold is a five-reel, 50-payline slot game with a sixth reel which is incorporated on the left of the screen to denote the possible 'Free Spins & Multiplier'. The sixth reel (The Aztec Gold Free Spins Reel) spins with the other 5 reels and will display the number of free spins & multiplier. The Aztec Gold feature is triggered when three or more Scattered Temple symbols appear anywhere in view. The free spins feature can be retriggered within free spins. Information: The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.014%. How to play: When you enter the game a default total bet is set. LINES : You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between LINES field. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. BET: You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between BET PER LINE field. SPIN: Click on Spin to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the pay table. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet and lines. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. “AUTO SPIN” : You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Click STOP button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game is restored. Press on X button to close the AUTO SPIN dialog window. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in Play for Fun mode. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom left of the screen. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on “ Game Rules ” button to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on “ Game Logs ” button to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on “ Exit Game ” button to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on “ Quick Deposit ” button to deposit money into your account. Click on “ Play for Fun ” button to play game without money. Rules: Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Game Rules: Play 1 to 50 lines. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. LINES can be changed by using the “+” or “-” buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the “+” or “-” buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects 50 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered Temple symbols which pay anywhere in view. Aztec Gold Logo substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Temple symbols. Aztec Gold Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. Aztec Gold Logo works only in conjunction with other symbols except the Scattered Temple symbols. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Features: Aztec Gold Free Spins Game: The Aztec Gold feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Temple symbols appear anywhere in view. If 3 or more Scattered Temple’s symbols are in view, then the number of free spins and multiplier denoted against the indicator on that sixth reel are awarded and the free spins are played out. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier denoted are random. Number of free spins awarded with each trigger range from 8 to 25 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 10. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the denoted free spins multiplier. Free spins can retrigger free spins and award the same number as originally awarded when triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. PayTable The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “I” button. The Aztec Gold Logo Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scattered Temple symbol. The Aztec Gold Free Spins game will be triggered when 3 or more scattered Temple symbols appear anywhere in view. x5-10 x4-3 x3-1 x5-500 x4-100 x3-50 x2-30 x5-80 x4-50 x3-30 x2-15 x5-60 x4-40 x3-20 x2-10 x5-50 x4-30 x3-15 x2-5 x5-30 x4-20 x3-10 x5-20 x4-12 x3-8 x5-12 x4-8 x3-6 x5-10 x4-6 x3-4 x5-8 x4-5 x3-3 x5-6 x4-4 x3-2 All symbols pay from left to right, except Scatters Paylines: Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby or click on ‘QUICK DEPOSIT’ button to deposit money into your account. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your Account, click on the “DEPOSIT” option in the “Cashier” menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on “DEPOSIT” in the “Cashier” option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click on the “QUICK DEPOSIT” button to deposit money into your account. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Aztec Gold Free Spins Game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Aztec Gold Free Spins Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.