Baccarat Combi Introduction: Baccarat Combi is a card game played against the house. The objective of the game is to predict the outcome of the cards dealt to the player and the banker. All hands will have a point value equal to or less than nine, keeping in mind that all cards worth 10 points (10, J, Q, K) count as zero and aces count as 1. When the total value of the cards is more than 10, then 10 is deducted from that number to get a card value under or equal to nine. To play, you place your wager on any one of BANKER, PLAYER or TIE. Also, you may to make combo bets: TIE+BANKER or TIE+PLAYER The drawing rules can be found in the Rules section below. The winning hand is the hand closest to a score of nine after the hands are dealt. The winning hand is paid according to the paytable. Information: 6 regular decks are used with 52 cards each and no joker. The deck is shuffled before every game. All suits (spades, hearts, clubs and diamonds) are irrelevant. The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. All 10-score cards, or scores which total 10, are counted as 0. For example, if a seven and a six were dealt, totaling 13, 10 points would be deducted, making the total 3. Funds may be added with + near $. Rules: Your game balance is displayed at the top right of the game screen. Click on + above $ to add more money to your account. Select the amount you want to wager by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be highlighted, raised and have an indicator below it. Place bets by clicking on any of the three highlighted bet positions. CLEAR BET clears the entire amount wagered. UNDO removes the previous bet placement. Once the wagers are placed click the DEAL button. Once your bet has been placed and the DEAL button has been clicked, four cards will be drawn in the order: player, banker, player and banker. According to the drawing rules laid out below, a further card is drawn to the player's hand and/or the banker's hand, giving a maximum number of six cards that can be drawn. The hand with a score closest to nine wins. Cards K, Q, J and 10 count as zero, the ace A counts as one, and the remaining cards are worth their face value. When the total points of the player's or the dealer's cards add up to a point value more than 10, multiples of 10 are deducted to a point value less than 10. For example, if a 7 and a 6 were dealt, totaling 13, 10 points are deducted, making the total 3. When the first two cards total 8 or 9, it is called a natural and no more cards are dealt to that hand. If there is a tie, bets on the banker or player are returned. All winning bets on the player's hand are paid at even money odds. All winning bets on the banker's hand are paid at even money less 5% commission. All winning bets on the tie are paid at odds of 9 to 1. After a game has been played click on NEW BET, RE-BET or RE-BETx2. After pressing NEW BET the table is cleared and your previous chip is selected. RE-BET places the same bet as in previous round and round is started automatically. RE-BETx2 – double the placed before bet. Your Bankroll counter is adjusted automatically. Drawing rules: The drawing rules are broken down into two parts: the rules concerning the player's hand and the rules concerning the banker's hand. These are based on the first two cards. If either the player or the banker has a total of an 8 or a 9 they both stand. This rule overrides all other rules. If the player's total is 5 or less, then the player hits, otherwise the player stands. If the player stands, then the banker hits on a total of 5 or less. Player's Hand Drawing Rules Player's score Decision 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Draws a card 6, 7 Stands 8, 9 Stands (Natural) If the player does hit then use the chart below to determine if the banker hits or stands: Banker's Hand Drawing Rules Banker's hand Draws when the player's third card is Stands when the player's third card is 0, 1, 2 Always draws a card 3 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9 8 4 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 0, 1, 8, 9 5 4, 5, 6, 7 0, 1, 2, 3, 8, 9 6 6, 7 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9 7 Stands Stands 8,9 Stands (Natural) Stands (Natural) Paytable: Baccarat Classic Paytable Bet type Payoff Player Even money (1 : 1) Banker Even money less 5% commission Tie bet 9 : 1 The theoretical minimum return to player of this game is 95.07% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs”. Game options Sound may be switched on or off Adding Funds to your Account You can also bring more money to your account to the game balance by clicking on it. To add funds to your account, click on Deposit then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If your game is disconnected during play, your game can be restored when you connect back again. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team.