Cash Cruise Objective: Cash Cruise is a five-reel, multi-payline ‘Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot’ slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The paytable below shows how much you can win for each combination. For each bet placed, the house adds a percentage of the amount bet to the running jackpot total. Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot: A ‘Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot’ grows progressively as bets are made. The house adds a small credit to the running jackpot total for each spin at either of the two Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot games. Ca$h Fla$h Jackpots can be won irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination and while betting any amount. The reset value of Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is $1,000. Information: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.95%. You can bet on up to nine lines. The paylines are shown in the payline table. The game and the game rules are identical in both real-money and play for fun modes. Play for fun mode does not contribute to the jackpot. How to play: When you enter the game a default total bet is set. LINES : You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between LINES field. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. BET: You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between BET PER LINE field. SPIN: Click on Spin to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the pay table. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet and lines. “AUTO SPIN” : You can make use of this feature to choose among the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: The game will automatically spin until Jackpot win. Click STOP button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game is restored. Press on the X button to close the AUTO SPIN dialog window. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in Play for Fun mode. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom left of the screen. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules via Menu button to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs via Menu button to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game via Menu button to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming via Menu button to open Responsible gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch to Real or Play mode game. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules: Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Game Rules: All symbols pay left to right, except the scattered Ship symbol which pays in any direction. Only the highest win is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different lines are all added to the total win. Line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected, except scatter wins, which will pay no matter where the symbols are positioned. The Girl symbol substitutes all other symbols, except scattered Ships. You’ll be notified of any jackpot wins through a pop-up message, and your account balance will be credited immediately. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Play. Features: The ‘Ship to Shore’ bonus game is triggered when 3 or more scattered ship symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Play the 'Ship to Shore' bonus game. During this game, select 5 out of 9 ships on the board and try to match 3 of the same symbols. Prizes are awarded for 3 of a kind of the following symbols: When a match is made, a random prize worth up to 1,000 times your triggering bet is awarded. The 'Ship to Shore' bonus game is played 3 times. The amount won on the bonus rounds is displayed on the bottom left of the bonus game screen. Click on the ‘Complete’ button to restore the main game screen. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game and at the end of the bonus. Bonus prizes are added to payline and scatter wins. Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. Girl substitutes all symbols except the scattered Ship symbol. x5-5000 x4-2000 x3-200 x2-10 The feature is triggered when three or more Ship appear. x5-100 x4-15 x3-5 x2-2 x5-2500 x4-500 x3-75 x2-5 x5-1000 x4-300 x3-30 x2-5 x5-500 x4-125 x3-20 x5-500 x4-125 x3-20 x5-200 x4-50 x3-15 x5-200 x4-50 x3-15 x5-150 x4-25 x3-10 x5-150 x4-25 x3-10 x5-100 x4-20 x3-5 x5-100 x4-20 x3-5 All symbols pay left to right, except the scattered Ship symbol which pays anywhere. Paylines: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the right corner of the control panel, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button on the Browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the 'Ship to Shore' Bonus Game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the 'Ship to Shore' Bonus Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 1/12/2017 Last modification date: 11/3/2020