CHRISTMAS W-Elf Objective: CHRISTMAS W-Elf is a five-reel, 20 payline slot game. WILD substitutes for all symbols except the Scatters. Any 3 or more Scatters trigger the Pick Me feature. Free Spins can be re-triggered within free spins. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94%. How to play: When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by clicking the '+' or '-' buttons on the Bet panel. You can change the number of lines by clicking the '+' or '-' buttons on the Lines panel. The TOTAL BET is lines played multiplied by the bet per line. SPIN : Click on 'SPIN' to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the pay table. The 'AUTOSPIN OPTIONS' dialog becomes open after clicking on 'AUTO' button. You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount typed. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the Free Spins or Bonus Game is triggered. Click on 'STOP' button to deactivate AUTO SPIN. While AUTO SPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. Click ON/OFF in Continue Autospin Message in order to enable/disable automatically resume autospin next time. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the ticker string. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the bet per line. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. WIN: All Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ' + ' and '-' buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The 'GAME LOGS' and 'REBUY' functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Rules Paytable, paylines, game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'HELP' button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK' button. PAYTABLE: The paytable can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK' button. RULES: To view the game rules click on 'RULES' button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK' button. PAYLINES: To view the game rules click on 'PAYLINES' button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK' button. Features: Any 3 or more Scatters trigger the Pick Me feature. Select one of the 3 noses and win free games with multipliers. The player is awarded between 5 and 25 free games with 2X and 10X multipliers. WILD The WILD symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scatter symbol and works in conjunction with all other symbols. The WILD symbol also has individual payout like other symbols whenever there is a win for any payline exclusively with WILD symbol. SCATTER The 3 SCATTER icons or more activate the free spins mode. Scatters pay anywhere. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. PayTable: Paylines: Adding Funds to your Account You can deposit money in your account, click the Cashier in the game menu and then select your payment method. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the error message with ‘ Pay In ’ button will appear. Cliapping on ‘ Pay In ’ button will open the Deposit page. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game Logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.