European Roulette Classic Objective Your objective is to accurately guess the outcome of the Roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). The game European Roulette Classic is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0 slot), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places their bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. Game options Sound on or off Max screen on or off How to play: Select the amount you want to wager by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be raised. All possible bet types are defined in Paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, within the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click UNDO or CLEAR BET. Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number. When you hit the SPIN button or REBET & SPIN button, the ball will spin on the wheel displayed at the top of the screen. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given below, and your winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops the number will be displayed below the spinning wheel. The last 9 winning numbers are shown in the top right of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bets. To repeat the same bet, click the REBET & SPIN buttons. The credit meter to the right of the $ sign shows the amount of funds you have left to use in the game. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed a re-buy window will appear. Rebuy an amount equal or greater than the total bet placed to enable the REBET & SPIN button. If your account balance is 0 then the deposit option will pop-up. Click on the 'Game Rules' button on the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'Game logs' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'Rebuy' to buy more credits into the game balance from your Account. INSTANT: By default the game will be in INSTANT OFF mode. Click on INSTANT to turn off the animation. To exit the game, click the X button in the upper right-hand corner. Click on QUICK DEPOSIT button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules and pay outs are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Other functions: To clear all bets on the table, click the CLEAR BET button. To undo the last bet made, click the UNDO button. INSTANT function can be used to control the speed of the action. Spin the wheel with the same bet by clicking on REBET & SPIN after a game is finished. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The stats window displays your last 9 results. The statistics window indicates red results with red numbers and black results with white numbers, 0 with green number. Paytable: Bet Description Pay out Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline A bet placed between the adjacent streets of 'zero' and ‘1’. This bet covers four numbers: 0, 1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 5:1 Dozen A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1-18 19-36 A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play-anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, you can add funds in your account. To add funds to your account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the main lobby (play-anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the game, on reconnection the software will automatically resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 3/25/2019