European Roulette Pro Objective: The objective of the game is to accurately guess the outcome of the roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). The Game: Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places his bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to play: Select the amount you want to wager by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be raised. All possible bet types are defined in the Paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, depending on the type of bets or the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click on UNDO or CLEAR buttons. Information on your available game balance and the total bet amount is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, the winning number is highlighted on the wheel. When you click on SPIN or REBET/SPIN , the ball will spin on the wheel. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given below, and your winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops the number will be displayed over the spinning wheel. The last 5 winning numbers are shown in the top part of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, tap on the desired betting spots and place the bets. The game can be played without bets placed on the table. To repeat the same bet, click on the REBET button. To double your bet and spin the wheel, click on the DOUBLE/SPIN button. To repeat the same bet and spin the wheel, click on the REBET/SPIN button. Neighbors: There is the ability to place continuous 3/5/7/9/11 numbers/VOISINS/ORPHELINS/TIERS bets by clicking on the ‘neighbors’ tab on the right side of the screen. If your game balance is not enough for playing the game, the error message will appear and the player will be able to deposit money by clicking on the DEPOSIT button. Click on the Help button from the game menu on the top right of the game screen to view the game rules. To switch the sound on or off in the game, click on the Sound button which is located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. There is the ability to enable/disable the ’drag to bet‘ feature in the game by clicking on the Settings button from the game menu. Turbo-mode: There is the ability to turn off/on the animation in the game by clicking on the Settings button from the game menu. To deposit money into your account, click on the Cashier button which is located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. The table cover indicator shows the percentage of the Roulette wheel covered by the placed bets. Bet limits: There is a maximum bet limit for each type of bet, as well as an overall table maximum limit. Table maximum limit - the total amount of bets placed before each spin must be less than or equal to the maximum bet requirements posted on the table. Maximum bet limit for each type of bet is described in the table below: Bet opportunity Maximum bet Straight 100 USD/GBP/EURO Split 200 USD/GBP/EURO Street 300 USD/GBP/EURO Corner 600 USD/GBP/EURO 6-line 600 USD/GBP/EURO Column/dozen 1 500.00 USD/GBP/EURO Even chances 3 000.00 USD/GBP/EURO Browser button panel commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Statistics window: Game statistics enable you to view your previous results. The statistics window displays your last 5 results. The statistics window indicates red results with numbers in red square, black results with numbers in black square and result of 0 in green square. Paytable: Bet Description Pay out Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline A bet placed between the adjacent streets of 'zero' and ‘1’. This bet covers four numbers: 0, 1, 2 and 3. 8:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 5:1 Dozen A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, each covering 12 numbers. 2:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1 to 18 19 to 36 A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 and 00 are not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Bet Description TIER This bet type places split bets on 5/8, 10/11, 13/16, 23/24, 27/30 and 33/36. ORPHELINS Split bets placed on 31/34, 17/20, 14/17, 6/9 and a straight bet placed on number 1 together constitute the Orphelins bet. VOISINS DU ZERO This bet type places split bets on 32/35, 19/22, 18/21, 12/15, 4/7, 2 chips on a street bet 0, 2 and 3, and 2 chips on corner bet 25/26/28/29. NEIGHBOUR BET When a bet is placed on a number, the number and the two numbers on either side are selected. These 5 numbers together constitute the neighbour bet. The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop or mobile website and choosing the menu “Game Logs”. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your account, click on Deposit in My Account then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game , the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If your game is disconnected during play your game can be restored when you connect back again. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. Last updated: 24/11/2016 Last modification date: 3/25/2019