European Roulette Cashed Back Game Information: The game rules and pay outs are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. Game Options: Sound on or off Max screen on or off How to play: Select the amount you want to wager by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be raised. All possible bet types are defined in Paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, within the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click UNDO or CLEAR BET . Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number. When you hit the SPIN button or REBET & SPIN button, the ball will spin on the wheel displayed at the top of the screen. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given below, and your winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops the number will be displayed below the spinning wheel. The last 9 winning numbers are shown in the top right of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bets. To repeat the same bet, click the REBET & SPIN buttons. The credit meter to the right of the $ sign shows the amount of funds you have left to use in the game. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, a pop up message about insufficient money will appear. Rebuy an amount equal or greater than the total bet placed to enable the REBET & SPIN button. If your account balance is 0 then the deposit option will pop-up. Click on the 'Game Rules' button on the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'Game logs' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'Rebuy' to buy more credits into the game balance from your Party Account. INSTANT: By default the game will be in INSTANT OFF mode. Click on INSTANT to turn off the animation. To exit the game, click the X button in the upper right-hand corner. Click on QUICK DEPOSIT button to deposit money into your Account. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. “Cashed-Back” Rules: Cashed Back payouts are applicable when the ball stops on 0. Bets placed on the side boxes: Red, Black, Even, Odd, 1-18, 19-36, will return 50% of the stake. Other Functions: To clear all bets on the table, click the CLEAR BET button. To undo the last bet made, click the UNDO button. To repeat the previous bet, click REPEAT BET button. INSTANT function can be used to control the speed of the action. Spin the wheel with the same bet by clicking on REBET  after a game is finished. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The stats window displays your last 9 results. The statistics window indicates red results with red numbers and black results with white numbers, 0 with green number. Paytable: Bet Description Pay out Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2' and '0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline A bet placed between the adjacent streets of 'zero' and ‘1’. This bet covers four numbers: 0, 1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 5:1 Dozen A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1-18 19-36 A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. Each box covers 18 numbers. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. If the ball stops in 0 the “Cashed Back” rules will apply. 50% of the amount of any bet placed on these boxes will be returned to the player. 1:1 0.5:1 (Cashed Back) The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. Adding Funds to your Account You can also bring more money from your account to the game balance by clicking on +$ to the left of the balance, or by clicking on Rebuy . To add funds to your account, click on Quick Deposit then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the pop up message about insufficient money will appear. You can bring money into the game from your account or add funds. To add funds to your account, click on Deposit now in the Buy-in window or click on DEPOSIT in the lobby. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If your game is disconnected during play your game can be restored when you connect back again. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. Last updated: 12/08/2015 Last modification date: 3/25/2019