Grizzly Wins Objective: Grizzly Win is a slot game with 5 reels, 3 symbols shown per reel, and 20 lines. There are WILD and WILDX3 substituting for all symbols except the Free Spin and Bonus symbols. Hibernation sensation bonus game triggered in case 3 or more Bonus symbols appears on the reels. Free Spin feature triggered in case 3 or more Scatter appears on the reel. 2 Ways 2 Wins – new feature which give possibility to play right-to-left or left-to-right or both way. The fee is taken when playing in both ways. Its amount is 25% from the total bet. It isn't taken when playing the free spins or bonus game! Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.00%. How to play: When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping the “+”or “-” buttons on the “Bet panel” . The game has fixed amount of lines that can’t be changed by the user. The TOTAL BET is lines played multiplied by the bet per line. The SPIN button in the middle right part starts the game. AUTOSPIN: To use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold 'SPIN' button. You can change autospins amount using “+” and “-” buttons. To start autospins tap on 'SPIN' button. Tap on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. RULES Tap on the ‘i’ button to navigate to Game Rules. You can go back to the game by tapping on the BACK TO GAME button. You can go to the Paytable by tapping on the PAYTABLE button. You can go to the Paylines game by tapping on the PAYLINES button. The RULES can be viewed by tapping on the ► button in the rules pages. Features: PayTable: Paylines: Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, tap on ‘+’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or tap on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the error message with ‘DEPOSIT’ button will appear. Tapping on ‘DEPOSIT’ button will open the Deposit page. To add funds to your account, tap on “+” near your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.