Jade Princess Objective: Jade Princess is a slot game with a Free Spins feature and Medallion Progressive Jackpot. The bigger the bet placed, the higher the chances of winning tje Medallion Progressive Jackpot will be. The game is played on 5 reels with 4 symbols shown on each reel. During the Free Spins feature, players can select a scatter icon (prayer wheel icon) to receive the amount of free spin rounds. There is a WILD substituting for all symbols except the SCATTER and Medallion Progressive icon. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.02%. How to play: When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping the “+”or “-” buttons on the 'Bet panel'. Lines are fixed and cannot be changed. The TOTAL BET is 40 multiplied by the BET. The SPIN button in the middle right part starts the game. AUTOSPIN: to use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold 'SPIN' button. You can change autospins amount using “+” and “-” buttons. To start autospins, tap on 'SPIN' button. Tap on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. RULES Tap on the ‘i’ button to navigate to Game Rules. You can go back to the game by tapping on the BACK TO GAME button. You can go to the paytable by tapping on the PAYTABLE button. You can go to the paylines game by tapping on the PAYLINES button. Feature: Paytable: Adding funds to your account To add funds to your Aaccount, tap on ‘+’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or tap on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the error message with ‘DEPOSIT’ button will appear. Pressing on ‘DEPOSIT’ button will open the deposits page. To add funds to your account, tap on “+” near your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.