Jungle Gems Objective: Jungle Gems is a slot game with a wild feature, free games and instant prizes. In the MONKEY FEATURE each monkey appearing above the reels and changes a symbol to wild monkey. The feature game is triggered when three or more scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. When the feature is triggered you can select an INSTANT PRIZE or free games with stacked special feature GEM. Also Wild (Monkey) symbol and Tiger symbol can get stacked in the game. This game is played with 2, 3, 4, 3, 2 symbols per reel and 144 ways to win.The game is not a normal way based game, instead this game pays differently. There are 72 ways to win 3 of a kind and 144 ways to win 4 of a kind. Information: The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.00%. How to play: When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the - or + buttons either side of BET . The total bet is 50 times the bet per win and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. The SPIN button at the right bottom side of the screen (with circular arrows) starts the game. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the feature is triggered. Click the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Click the X button to close the AUTOSPIN dialog window. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. There are no lines in this game. All wins are left to right in any position except scatters pay anywhere. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom center of the screen. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch to Real or Play mode game. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Features: MONKEY FEATURE The MONKEY FEATURE can be triggered randomly each game When the MONKEY FEATURE is triggered, monkeys cross above the reels. When the reels stop, the monkey above the reels can replace a different symbol on the screen with WILD. The monkey may replace an existing monkey on the reels. Scatters are counted before any are replaced by WILD. All wins are paid only after any symbol replacements. SCATTER FEATURE 3 or more scatters trigger the SCATTER FEATURE Select one feature: Instant prize: 50X, 25X or 10X times total bet 14 or 15 free games with all tiger-diamond symbols replaced by diamond stack symbols. 14 or 15 free games with all toucan-emerald symbols replaced by emerald stack symbols. 14 or 15 free games with all snake-ruby symbols replaced by ruby stack symbols. 14 or 15 free games with all frog-sapphire symbols replaced by sapphire stack symbols. MONKEY FEATURE can be triggered during free games. During free games, bet per win is the same as the game that triggered the SCATTER FEATURE. During free games, 3 or more scatters retriggers the original number of free games. Game Rules: All symbols pay left to right starting with the left-most reel, except for the scatter symbol which pays anywhere. Three-of-a-kind wins are awarded for each of 72 unique combinations left-to-right from the leftmost reel. These combinations consist of the same symbol in reels 1, 2 and 3 and a different symbol at the 4th reel that terminates the combination. Four-of-a-kind wins are awarded for each of 144 unique combinations left-to-right from the leftmost reel. These combinations consist of the same symbol in reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 and a different symbol at the 5th reel that terminates the combination. Five-of-a-kind wins are awarded for each of 144 unique combinations left-to-right from the leftmost reel. These combinations consist of the same symbol in reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. Only the highest win amount is paid on each way. Coinciding or simultaneous wins are added and paid according to the Paytable. Scatter wins are added to Way wins. All wins multiplied by bet per win. Total bet is 50 times bet per win. Malfunctions Void all Pays and Plays. Player is responsible to ensure correct bet selection. PAYTABLE: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. x5 - 100 x4 - 55 x3 - 15 WILD substitutes for all symbols except scatters. x6 - 100,000 x5 - 5,000 x4 - 1,000 x3 - 200 Scatters pay anywhere. FREE GAMES ONLY SYMBOLS x5 - 90 x4 - 50 x3 - 12 x5 - 90 x4 - 50 x3 - 12 x5 - 85 x4 - 45 x3 - 10 x5 - 85 x4 - 45 x3 - 10 x5 - 80 x4 - 40 x3 - 7 x5 - 80 x4 - 40 x3 - 7 x5 - 75 x4 - 35 x3 - 5 x5 - 75 x4 - 35 x3 - 5 x5 - 70 x4 - 30 x3 - 4 x5 - 70 x4 - 30 x3 - 4 x5 - 65 x4 - 25 x3 - 3 x5 - 65 x4 - 25 x3 - 3 x5 - 60 x4 - 20 x3 - 2 x5 - 60 x4 - 20 x3 - 2 All symbols pay from left to right, except Scatters Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’button at the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button at the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game Logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.