Juicy Fruitz Objective: Juicy Fruitz is a colorful, fun filled, cascading reels game with a five stage trail consisting of four reel modifiers and a Multiplier Bonus. Every time a win is found on the grid, the trail is incremented by one. The trail increases by one for every subsequent winning cascade on the grid. If there are no new wins on the grid, the region modifying feature at the current trail position will be executed and it will be lowered/reduced and then this will increase/decrease based on the outcome. If the region modifier creates a new win, the trail position will increase by one again. If the player at any point during a winning cascade gets to the 5th step of the trail, they will unlock the Multiplier Bonus. This allows the player, at the end of the cascading sequence, to spin a wheel with a chance to multiply their current winnings by x2, x3, x5 or x10. Information: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.52%. After the win highlight animation plays, the winning fruit symbols should gradually fade down and new symbols cascade into their place. After a losing spin, all fruit drops off screen and a new cascade drops in after the spin button is pressed. The Juice Blender is locked and needs to be unlocked when multiplier bonus is awarded. How to play: When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. BET: You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons. SPIN: Click on Spin to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the paytable. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. “AUTO SPIN” : You can make use of this feature to choose among the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Click on the STOP button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game is restored. Click on the X button to close the AUTO SPIN dialogue window. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play-for-fun mode. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom-center of the screen. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules via Menu button to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs via Menu button to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game via Menu button to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming via Menu button to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch between real or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favourites. Click on Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Сlusters: A cluster of 5 or more matching fruits symbols consists of a continual path of matching fruits symbols that moves directly up, down, left or right from the first symbol. There can be more than one cluster on the grid and any cluster may or may not include Wild symbols. Wild symbols may take part in multiple cluster wins. Game Rules When the player presses ‘spin’, the game will choose at random, a group of chance symbols to use. Symbols will be positioned in their respective positions on the grid. Once all the symbols are placed, the win-check will search for clusters of five and more matching fruits. If there are one or more winning combinations, the symbols from those regions will be removed and all symbols above will move down. New symbols will replace the ‘holes’ at the top of each region. There is a 5-part bonus Juicy trail that counts up by 1 for every time there is a winning combination in the game. A winning combination is defined as a single or multiple set of matching five or more colours in a single cascade. If the accumulator trail is already at the 5th position, it will not progress any further. If there have been a number of winning combinations and, after a win cascade, there are no more winning combinations, the reel feature at the current trail position will activate and the trail accumulator will decrease by 1. The feature will alter the state of the grid. If after the trail feature has been played there is another winning combination, the trail accumulator will increase by 1 again. If there is no win, the trail accumulator will activate the feature at the new current trail position. The rule applies only if trail accumulator more than 0. With the above behaviour, the game has the ability to play many features in a single play and to keep the chaining of the winning combinations active. An exception to the feature trail rules is in the case of the Juicy Blender at the top of the trail. Hitting this position is effectively a trigger switch for a multiplier wheel to be played at the end of the cascade sequence. Hitting trail position 5 multiple times will have no added effect to the game. Juicy Blender Character: The Juicy Blender character will animate and emote during the game. It will celebrate wins and show which bonus level you have achieved on the trail. It will also display the bonus icon currently active on the bonus trail (icon contained within yellow circle). STANDARD LEVEL BONUS LEVEL 1 BONUS LEVEL 2 BONUS LEVEL 3 BONUS LEVEL 4 BONUS LEVEL 5 Bonus Juicy trail: The bonus Juicy trail is visually represented by blender character on the left-hand side of the screen. With each winning cascade, the juice level in the blender goes up 1 level and the current bonus level icon is displayed. There are five levels to the bonus trail. The bonus trail only activates when the players winning cascade comes to end, then attempts to modify the reels to keep the winning cascade going: BONUS LEVEL 1 – Zap a vertical column of fruit. A random column of fruits will be zapped and removed, dropping in 4 new random fruits in an attempt to create a win for the player. BONUS LEVEL 2 – Zap a horizontal column of fruit. Any fruits above will drop down, and a new shelf of fruits will appear at the top. BONUS LEVEL 3 – Expands a single 1x1 fruit or Wild symbol to a 2x2 fruit/wild. One of the currently displayed fruits or WILD will expand into a giant fruit/wild covering a 2x2 space. BONUS LEVEL 4 – Splats a random number of wilds on the reels. A random number of fruits will splat into wild symbols. A random wild will not be placed on top of a wild..The number of Juicy Wilds varies between 2 and 5. BONUS LEVEL 5 – Unlocks the multiplier bonus. The multiplier bonus is awarded at the end of the current winning cascade. After bonus level 5 is reached on the trail, the Juicy Fruitz character will display the corresponding icon locked icon in the bottom left of the screen should change to unlocked. Players may be awarded a x2, x3, x5 or x10 multiplier. This multiplier is applied to the total winnings from the current game cycle. Note: In game logs all wins/payouts in each level are premultiplied with the multiplier awarded. After the winnings are paid, the player returns to the reels screen. The Juice Blender is now locked again, and needs to be unlocked before it can be accessed again. Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. 20 - 50 10 to 20 - 50 9 – 25 8 – 12 7 – 6 6 – 4 5 – 2 10 to 20 - 25 9 – 15 8 – 10 7 – 5 6 – 2.5 5 – 1.5 10 to 20 - 15 9 – 10 8 – 5 7 – 2.5 6 – 1.5 5 – 1 10 to 20 - 10 9 – 5 8 – 2.5 7 – 1.5 6 – 1 5 – 0.75 10 to 20 - 5 9 – 3 8 – 1.5 7 – 1 6 – 0.75 5 – 0.5 10 to 20 - 5 9 – 3 8 – 1.5 7 – 1 6 – 0.75 5 – 0.5 The Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ button at the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button at the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected from the game just after all of the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, the game is treated as complete and on re-login, you can check the game details in game logs. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.