Jade Princess Jade Princess is a slot game with a Free Spins feature and Medallion Progressive Jackpot. The bigger the bet placed, there more chances there will be to win Medallion Progressive Jackpot. The game is played on 5 reels with 4 symbols shown on each reel. During the Free Spins feature, players can select a scatter icon (prayer wheel icon) to receive the amount of Free Spin rounds. There is a WILD substituting for all symbols except the SCATTER and Medallion Progressive icon. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.02%. How to play: When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by clicking BET and then click ▲ or ▼ buttons or drag the pink chip. Lines are fixed and cannot be changed. The TOTAL BET is 40 multiplied by the BET. Click on MAX BET to play the maximum possible lines and bet per line. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Select the AUTO SPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: 5 SPINS: The game will automatically play for 5 spins. 10 SPINS: The game will automatically play for 10 spins. 20 SPINS: The game will automatically play for 20 spins. SPIN TILL FREE SPINS: The game will automatically spin until the next FREE GAMES FEATURE is triggered. Select Reels speed: Fast for FAST mode. Click on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Browser button panel commands (These options are not available in full-screen mode.) Click on Rebuy to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. RULES Click on the HELP button to navigate to the Game Rules. You can go back to the game by clicking on the Back to game button. You can go to the Paytable by clicking on the Paytable button. You can to the Paylines game by clicking on the Paylines button. Feature: Paytable: Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby and select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the buy-in window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the main lobby (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby and select the desired deposit option (Download clients) or click the 'Deposit now' button in the 'Buy-in' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 11/3/2020