Lucky Paradise Objective: Lucky Paradise is a slot game with 3 jackpots. When the feature is triggered, you can select an instant prize instead of free games and return to betting. Information: Mystery Cashcano Jackpots occurs randomly and are independent of the winning combinations. The jackpots can be won with any bet size and all bet sizes are contributing. The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.08%. How to play: When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping the “+”or “-” buttons on the 'Bet panel'. There are 35 fixed lines in this game. All symbols pay left to right, starting with leftmost reel except scatters which pay anywhere. The TOTAL BET is 35 lines multiplied by the bet per line. The SPIN button in the middle right part starts the game. AUTOSPIN: to use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold 'SPIN' button. You can change the autospins amount using “+” and “-” buttons. To start autospins, tap on 'SPIN' button. Tap on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All symbols and jackpots will be animated when won in addition to background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Tap ‘?’ on the upper left side to view game rules of the game. All bets played during free games are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Feature: Jackpot: RULES Tap on the ‘i’ button to navigate to Game Rules. The help page can be accessed by scrolling through it. You can go back to the game by tapping on the BACK TO GAME button. Max bet and bet per line depends on operator level applied. Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by tapping on the “I” button and using the PAYTABLE button in the help page. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging in to your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs”. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, tap on ‘+’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in the main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.