Lucky Paradise Objective: Lucky Paradise is a slot game with 3 jackpots. When the feature is triggered you can select an instant prize instead of free games, and return to betting. Information: Mystery Cashcano Jackpots occurs randomly and are independent of the winning combinations. The jackpots can be won with any bet size and all bet sizes are contributing. The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.08%. How to play: When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by clicking the ◄ or ► buttons on either side of the BET button. There are 35 fixed lines in this game. All symbols pay left to right starting with leftmost reel except scatters which pay anywhere. The TOTAL BET is 35 lines multiplied by the bet per line. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Spin button starts a game round with the current selected bet. Select the AUTOSPIN for hands free play.When the player selects one of the Autospin options, the spins start automatically with the currently selected bet. The available options are: X100: 100 games will be automatically played X50: 50 games will be automatically played X20: 20 games will be automatically played X10: 10 games will be automatically played X5: 5 games will be automatically played Click STOP to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All symbols and jackpots will animate when won in addition to background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom left of the screen. All bets played during Free Games are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Browser Button Panel Commands (These options are not available in full screen mode.) Click on Rebuy to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Features: RULES Click on the ? button to navigate to Game Rules. The RULES can be viewed by scrolling in the rules pages. Max bet and bet per line depends on operator level applied. You can go back to the game by clicking on the BACK TO GAME button. PayTable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the help button (?) and pressing ‘PAYTABLE’ button. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'Deposit now' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 11/3/2020