Loot’EnKhamun Objective: Loot’EnKhamun is a five-reel, no paylines and ‘All Ways’ slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game and 1,024 Ways to win with free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways), including reel 1. The Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols do not pay. There are five different “hieroglyphics” scatter symbols; one for each reel. As a scatter symbol lands, the small replica hieroglyphic to the left of the reels are highlighted. When any three of the hieroglyphic scatter symbols appear anywhere in view, the The Loot’EnKhamun Free Spins game is triggered. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Loot’EnKhamun Logo wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scattered hieroglyphic symbols and appears on reels 1,2,3 and 4 only in the base game. The Big One Jackpot: The BigOne Jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest - Blitz Cash Jackpot, Quick Cash Jackpot, Super Cash Jackpot, Mega Cash Jackpot and Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. All five levels in The BigOne Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination while betting any amount. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the higher your chances of cracking a jackpot will be. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has been triggered during the base game which also triggers free spins, the jackpot feature will be played and shown after the free spins feature play. Information: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93,69%. How to play When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. There are no lines in this game. All wins are left to right in any position except scatters pay anywhere. The BET is 20 times the bet per win. Tap on SPIN at the right bottom side of the screen (with circular arrows) to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the paytable. WIN AMOUNT CALCULATION : Winning symbol combinations may occur from left to right in All possible Ways on consecutive reels except scatters. Only the highest paying combination for each way will be paid. The combination will be from left to right on consecutive reels, including reel 1 in the case of a free game. E.g. if symbol Ace appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 (positioned at 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4) respectively, the payout will happen for 5 Ace symbols only. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 If two of the same symbols appear on reels 1,2 and 3 of that symbol appears on reel 3, the Way win does not pay for 5 of those symbol combination together. But it will pay for 3 separate Way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. e.g. If one symbol Nine lands on reel 1 and 2 and three symbols of 9 land on reel 3, there will be three different Way wins for symbol 9. Each Way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of symbol 9. The reel position for the above Way wins will be as below: 0,1,2 0,1,7 0,1,12 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. The scattered hieroglyphic symbols do not pay any. There are 243 possible ways to win in the main game and in free spins there are 1,024 ways as there are 4 symbols on each reel. Any wins due to consecutive symbols on the reels or trigger of a feature are shown by the symbols animating. Also the total win amount is shown in the ticker message area at bottom of the reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on SPIN to play with the same bet again. You can change the bet per win by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between BET field “ AUTO SPIN ”: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: the game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: the game will automatically spin until the jackpot is cracked. Click STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Press the X button to close the AUTOSPIN dialog window. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. The MAX BET button changes bet to max possible position. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, the bet will not be adjusted to the next possible bet and instead, the informative message will appear with proposal to place a lower bet or make a deposit. Please note: the AUTO SPIN feature is not available in play-money mode. The total bet amount is displayed in the BET meter which is located to the left from BALANCE at the bottom of the screen. Your account balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Rebuy to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to the Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Game Rules: No Paylines – All Ways slot – 243 Ways in main game, 1,024 Ways in free spins. 5-reel slot - 5 x 3 slot view in main game, 5 x 4 slot view in free spins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. Only the highest win on each possible Way will be paid. If we have 3 or more matching symbols (including wild substitutes) we will receive a payout as defined in the pay table. Coinciding Way wins on different reel positions are all added to the total. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. There are no payouts for three or more scattered hieroglyphic symbols appearing anywhere on the reels. There are five different “hieroglyphics” Scatter symbols; one for each reel. Scatter symbols do not appear during Free Spins All Symbols pay from left to right consecutively including reel 1. There are no payouts for scattered hieroglyphic symbols appearing anywhere on the reels. 3 or more scattered hieroglyph symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards The Free Spins feature Loot’EnKhamun Logo wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scattered hieroglyphic symbols. Loot’EnKhamun Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. Loot’EnKhamun Logo works only in conjunction with other symbols except the Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols You can go back to the game by tapping on the X button on the right corner of the page. Features: Jackpot game: The main screen then changes to jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the right side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel: Orange represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. Red represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. Blue represents the Super Cash Jackpot. Green represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. Lavender represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the right bottom side of the screen. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops at a particular colour and respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on ‘OK’ in the pop-up, it navigates to the main game screen. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the Loot’ EnKhamun main game screen. The larger your wager, the higher your chances of winning the jackpot will be. FREE SPINS feature: The free spins feature is triggered when any of the 3 or more Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols appear anywhere in view. The feature screen is shown. Three slabs will be displayed. The first three slabs will be highlighted to show which ones can be selected when the mouse is moved over them. After the player has choosen the slab then it turns to gold and the free spins and multipliers won will be displayed within the cuboid. This amount is then added to the running total. If the professor makes it to the last row of three slabs then the “You have won” screen appears showing how many free spins and multipliers the player has won. The player is then taken to the free spins round. Free spins are displayed in the 4 X 5 slot view. All line wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. All scatter wins during free spins do not pay any. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, the normal game is restored. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. The number of free spins and free spin multipliers denoted are random. The number of free spins awarded with each trigger range from 6 to 30 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 8. Free spin wins are added to Way wins. PayTable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “I” button. The Loot'EnKhamun Logo Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scattered Hieroglyph symbols. The Loot'EnKhamun free spins game will be triggered when 3 or more Scattered Hieroglyph symbols appear anywhere in view. x5-500 x4-50 x3-20 x5-100 x4-20 x3-5 x5-25 x4-8 x3-2 x5-15 x4-4 x3-1 x5-12 x4-2 x3-0.8 x5-10 x4-1 x3-0.5 x5-8 x4-0.8 x3-0.4 x5-6 x4-0.6 x3-0.3 x5-4 x4-0.4 x3-0.2 x5-2 x4-0.2 x3-0.1 All symbols pay left to right, except the Scatter symbol. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby then select the desired deposit option (download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a buy-in window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” option in the “Cashier” menu in the main lobby (play anywhere clients) or click on “DEPOSIT” in the “Cashier” option on left panel in main lobby then select the desired deposit option (download clients) or click the “Deposit now” button in the “Buy-in” window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date:14.09.2016 Last modification date: 11/3/2020