Merry Reels Objective: Merry Reels is a 5-reel slot game with 2 features: the Santa’s Bonus Quest and the Free Games Feature. The Santa’s Bonus Quest awards prizes multiplied by the total bet. In the Free Games Feature, you can trigger more free games and the Bonus feature. Any 3 or more BONUS symbols trigger the Santa’s Bonus Quest. Any 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 15, 20 or 25 free games respectively. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.14%. How to play: 20 lines are selected by default. When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping “+”or “-” buttons on the 'LINES & Bet' panel. You can change the lines played by tapping “+”or “-” buttons on the 'LINES & Bet' panel. All symbols pay left to right, starting with left-most reel, except scatters and bonus, which pay anywhere. The TOTAL BET is a number of selected lines multiplied by the bet per line. The SPIN button in the middle right part starts the game. AUTOSPIN: To use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold 'SPIN' button. You can change autospins amount using “+” and “-” buttons. To start autospins tap on 'SPIN' button. Tap on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All symbols will animate when won. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Tap ‘?’ on the upper left side to view game rules of the game. All bets played during Free Games are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Feature: RULES Tap on the ‘i’ button to navigate to Game Rules. The help page can be accessed by scrolling through it. You can go back to the game by tapping on the BACK TO GAME button Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by tapping on the “i” button and using the PAYTABLE button in the help page. Game history: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and checking game logs. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, tap on ‘+’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play-anywhere clients) or tap 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in the main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the error message with Deposit button will appear. Pressing on ‘Deposit’ button will open the deposits page. To add funds to your account, touch “+” near your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature if not already started or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.