Melon Madness Deluxe Objective: Melon Madness Deluxe is a five-reel, thirty-line jackpot slot game with a Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view, the player is required to choose one scattered Bell which reveals the free spin count and multiplier value. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. The Big One jackpot: The Big One jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are from the lowest to the highest: Blitz Cash Jackpot, Quick Cash Jackpot, Super Cash Jackpot, Mega Cash Jackpot and Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the five running jackpots. All five levels in The Big One jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the more chance to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. Information: The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.89%. How to play: When you enter the game a default total bet is set. LINES : Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking “-” and “+” buttons in the “Options” dialog. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. BET : You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using “-” and “+” buttons in the “Options” dialog. SPIN : Tap on “SPIN” at the right side of the screen (with circular arrows) to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the pay table. The “+” button opens the “Options” dialog where you can change number of lines, bets and prepare auto spin rules. The “ MAX BET ” button changes bet per line and number of lines to max possible position. The “AUTO SPIN” dialog becomes open after tapping on “AUTO SPIN” button. To use AUTO SPIN feature, tap on “AUTO SPIN” button. You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount typed. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the Free Spins or Bonus Game is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: The game will automatically spin until the Jackpot win. Click on “ STOP ” button to deactivate AUTO SPIN. While AUTO SPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the “STOP” button. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your account balance is shown near the BALANCE at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Menu option: Tap on button to open the game MENU panel. There you can find the following options: LOBBY : Tap on “Lobby” to leave the game. PAYTABLE : Tap on “Paytable” to see payouts. HELP : Tap on “Help” to see game rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. SOUND : Tap on “Sound” to turn sound on/off. CASHIER : Tap on “Cashier” to make deposit. Free Spins feature gameplay: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view. When the player clicks on one of the Scattered Bell symbols, it will reveal the total number of free spins awarded and the multiplier value. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. A maximum of 25 free spins and a maximum of 10 multipliers are awarded. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the revealed multiplier. The Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Jackpot game: When The Big One Jackpot is hit, a message is displayed in ticker as "You win jackpot round!". The main screen then changes to jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed in the left side area and a wheel is displayed in the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: Orange color represents Blitz Cash jackpot Red color represents Quick Cash jackpot Blue color represents Super Cash jackpot Green color represents Mega Cash jackpot Lavender color represents Colossal Cash jackpot When a particular jackpot is hit, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of Jackpot and the amount awarded. When clicked on 'OK' of the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are hit at the same time, on clicking 'OK' on the pop-up, 'SPIN' button on Jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in main game. The larger your wager, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Game rules Play 1 to 30 lines. All symbols pay from left to right starting with the left-most reel, except for the scattered bell symbol which pays anywhere in view. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet-per-payline amount. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount you have bet and are added to payline wins. Only the highest win on each highlighted line will be paid out. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines will be added to your total. Any three or more scattered bell symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the free spins feature. Free spins cannot trigger more free spins. Wild Melon Madness logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Bell symbol. PAYTABLE: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “I” button. The Melon Madness logo WILD symbol substitutes all the symbols except for the scattered bell symbol. X5 – 50 X4 – 6 X3 – 3 X2 - 1 The Melon Madness feature game will be triggered when three or more scattered bell symbols appear anywhere in view. X5 – 1000 X4 – 500 X3 – 250 X2 - 50 X5 – 500 X4 – 200 X3 – 60 X2 - 20 X5 – 300 X4 – 100 X3 – 40 X2 - 4 X5 – 200 X4 – 30 X3 – 20 X5 – 100 X4 – 25 X3 – 5 X5 – 40 X4 – 25 X3 – 4 X5 – 30 X4 – 20 X3 – 4 X5 – 25 X4 – 6 X3 – 3 X5 – 15 X4 – 5 X3 – 3 X5 – 10 X4 – 4 X3 – 2 PAYLINES: Adding Funds to your Account You can deposit money in your account, tap the Cashier in the game menu and then select your payment method. Game History Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” under My Casino on the Casino Tab. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.