Mega Fortune Wheel Objective: Mega Fortune Wheel is a five-reel, nine-line jackpot slot game with a Bonus Feature game. The feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Wheel symbols appear anywhere in view and the player is required to spin the wheel 3 times and the number that the wheel stops is the prize multiplier. Gold Jackpot: The Gold Jackpot consists of four jackpots at different levels; the levels are from the lowest to the highest: the Gold Blitz Jackpot, the Gold Quick Jackpot, the Gold Super Jackpot and the Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels in the Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. The larger the bet, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. The bonus feature round cannot trigger the jackpot. Information: The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.81%. How to play When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. LINES : You can change the number of lines by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between LINES field. Selected lines are highlighted and unselected lines are not highlighted. BET : You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between BET PER LINE field. SPIN : Click on Spin to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the paytable. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet and lines. “ AUTO SPIN ”: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: the game will automatically spin until the feature is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: the game will automatically spin until Jackpot win. Click the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Click the X button to close the AUTOSPIN dialogue window. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom left of the screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch to Real or Play mode game. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favourites. Click on Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Jackpot rules The "Gold Jackpot" consists of four jackpots at different levels. From lowest to the highest, these are the Gold Blitz Jackpot, the Gold Quick Jackpot, the Gold Super Jackpot and the Gold Mega Jackpot. The jackpot feature game is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. Any sized bet is eligible for the jackpot but the larger your wager, the higher your chances of winning will be. The bonus feature round cannot trigger the jackpot. The current amount of all four jackpot levels is shown in the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset values of all the four jackpots are: Gold Mega Jackpot: $500,000. Gold Super Jackpot: $50,000. Gold Quick Jackpot: $5,000. Gold Blitz Jackpot: $500. When the jackpot is triggered, the GOLD JACKPOTS feature screen appears. Play the GOLD JACKPOTS feature to find out which level of Gold Jackpot you have won. Choose 6 out of 9 symbols to reveal "$" signs, where each awards one level of Gold Jackpot: One revealed "$" awards the Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two revealed "$" award the Gold Quick Jackpot. Three revealed "$" award the Gold Super Jackpot. Four revealed "$" award the Gold Mega Jackpot. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will begin after you click the ‘CONTINUE’ button. Bonus Feature rules The bonus feature game is triggered when three or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The main game screen changes and the feature game screen opens up. You are awarded three spins of the Mega Fortune Wheel. You spin the wheel and the number that the wheel stops is the prize multiplier. Feature win is determined by multiplying the prize multiplier by the triggering bet. The multipliers are awarded randomly. A maximum multiplier of 100 (100x) can be won as a result of one spin in bonus feature game. Bonus feature prize is added to payline and scatter wins. Game rules Play with 1 to 9 lines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Only the highest win on each highlighted line will be paid out. Coinciding wins on selected lines are added to your total winnings. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount you have bet and are added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right starting with the left-most reel, except for the scattered Wheel symbol which pays anywhere in view. The Diamond symbol substitutes for all other symbols except for the scattered Wheel symbol. The Diamond symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4. The Diamond symbol works only in conjunction with other symbols, except for the scattered Wheel symbol. All jackpot wins are credited to your account balance immediately. PAYTABLE: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “I” button. Wild The Diamond symbol is wild and substitutes for all other symbols, except for the Scatter Wheel. The Diamond only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. Scatter 5 – 100 4 – 20 3 – 5 2 – 1 The bonus feature is triggered when three or more Wheel symbols appear on the reels. 5 – 5,000 4 – 500 3 – 100 2 – 5 5 – 1,000 4 – 250 3 – 25 2 – 4 5 – 500 4 – 100 3 – 20 2 – 3 5 – 500 4 – 100 3 – 20 2 – 3 5 – 200 4 – 50 3 – 15 5 – 200 4 – 50 3 – 15 5 – 150 4 – 25 3 – 10 5 – 150 4 – 25 3 – 10 5 – 100 4 – 20 3 – 5 5 – 100 4 – 20 3 – 5 PAYLINES: Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button on the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 22.12.2016 Last modification date: 11/3/2020