Merry Reels Objective: Merry Reels is a 5 reels slot game with 2 features, the Santa’s Bonus Quest and Free Games Feature. The Santa’s Bonus Quest awards prizes multiplied by the total bet. In the Free Games Feature you can trigger more free games and the Bonus feature. Any 3 or more BONUS symbols trigger the Santa’s Bonus Quest. Any 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 15, 20 or 25 free games respectively. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.14%. How to play: 20 lines are selected by default. When you enter the game a default bet per line is set. If your balance drops below your total bet, the bet and lines will not be adjusted to the next possible bet, instead a Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your game balance, the Buy-in window will pop up. You can change the bet per line by clicking BET and then click ▲ or ▼ buttons or drag the candy-ball. You can change the lines played by clicking LINES and then click ▲ or ▼ buttons or drag the candy-ball. The TOTAL BET is a number of selected lines multiplied by the bet per line. Click on MAX BET to play the maximum possible lines and bet per line. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. Click on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Browser Button Panel Commands (These options are not available in full screen mode.) Click on Rebuy to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. RULES Click on the Help button to navigate to Game Rules. Different rules pages can be accessed with the ◄ and ► buttons. You can go back to the game by clicking on the BACK TO GAME button. Features: PayTable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the help button and using the PAYTABLE button in the rules pages. The PAYLINES can be viewed by clicking the PAYLINES button Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'Deposit now' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.