Mustang Money Objective: Mustang Money is a 5 reels slot game with Free Games Feature. Any 3 or more scattered 'Mustang Money' trigger 10 free spins. Free spins retrigger is present, any 3 or more scattered 'Mustang Money' will trigger an additional 5 free games. There is Wild multiplier at free spin game. During Free Spins win with 'Coin' Symbols: on reel 2 and prize is multiplied by x2; on reel 4 and prize is multiplied by x5. If one or more 'Coin' substitutes in a win, the prize for that win is multiplied by every multiplier as displayed on each 'Coin'. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.01%. How to play: 50 lines are selected by default. When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping “+”or “-” buttons on the 'Bet' panel. All symbols pay left to right starting with leftmost reel except scatters, which pay anywhere. The TOTAL BET is a number of lines multiplied by the bet per line. The SPIN button in the middle right part starts the game. AUTOSPIN: To use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold 'SPIN' button. You can change autospins amount using “+” and “-” buttons. To start autospins tap on 'SPIN' button. Tap on the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All symbols will animate when won. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the $ meter at the top of the screen. Tap ‘?’ on the upper left side to view game rules of the game. All bets played during Free Games are the same as the game that triggered the feature Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Feature: RULES Tap on the ‘i’ button to navigate to Game Rules. All Help page can be accessed by scrolling it. You can go back to the game by tapping on the BACK TO GAME button PayTable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by tapping on the “i” button and using the PAYTABLE button in the help page. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and checking game logs. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, tap on ‘+’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or touch 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the error message with Deposit button will appear. Pressing on ‘Deposit’ button will open the Deposit page. To add funds to your account, touch “+” near your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.