Oktoberfest Madness Objective: Oktoberfest Madness! is a 5 reel slot game with 3 PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS. The Girl symbol is a scatter that triggers the free game feature with multipliers. Oktoberfest flag symbol is stacked on each reel and is the wild substitute. Information: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.01%. How to play: This game is always played with 99 lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The TOTAL BET is 99 multiplied by the bet per line. As the bet is changed the REQUIRED POINTS for winning the DRUNKEN KNIGHT JACKPOT change. Higher bets require fewer points to win the jackpot (see DRUNKEN KNIGHT JACKPOT rules for more details). You can change the bet per line by tapping on ' + ' or ' - ' buttons in the “Options” dialog. The 'MAX BET' button changes bet per line to max possible position. SPIN : Tap on 'SPIN' at the right side of the screen (with circular arrows) to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the pay table. The “AUTO SPIN” dialog becomes open after tapping on 'AUTO SPIN' button. To use AUTO SPIN feature, tap on 'AUTO SPIN' button. You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount typed. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the Free Spins or Bonus Game is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: The game will automatically spin until the Jackpot win. > Click on 'STOP' button to deactivate AUTO SPIN. While AUTO SPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your account balance is shown near the BALANCE at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Menu option Tap on button to open the game MENU panel. Tap on 'Lobby' to leave the game. Tap on 'Paytable' to see payouts. Tap on 'Help' to see game rules. Tap on 'Sound' to turn sound on/off. Tap on 'Cashier' to make deposit. Rules Tap on the 'Help' button in MENU to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Tap on the 'Paytable' button in MENU to navigate to Paytable. You can go back to the game by tapping on the button. Features: PayTable: Paylines: Adding Funds to your Account You can deposit money in your account, tap the Cashier in the game menu and then select your payment method. Game History Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” under My Casino on the Casino Tab. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.