Oktoberfest Madness Objective: Oktoberfest Madness! is a 5 reel slot game with 3 PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS. The Girl symbol is a scatter that triggers the free game feature with multipliers. Oktoberfest flag symbol is stacked on each reel and is the wild substitute. Information: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.01%. How to play: This game is always played with 99 lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The TOTAL BET is 99 multiplied by the bet per line. As the bet is changed the REQUIRED POINTS for winning the DRUNKEN KNIGHT JACKPOT change. Higher bets require fewer points to win the jackpot (see DRUNKEN KNIGHT JACKPOT rules for more details). You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between BET PER LINE field. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The SPIN button at the right bottom side of the screen (with circular arrows) starts the game. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: The game will automatically spin until Jackpot win. Click STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Press on X or Cancel button to close the AUTOSPIN dialog window. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom left of the screen. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Browser Button Panel Commands (These options are not available in full screen mode.) Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. You can go back to the game by clicking on the BACK TO GAME button. Features: PayTable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “I” button. Paylines: Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the “DEPOSIT” option in the “Cashier” menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on “DEPOSIT” in the “Cashier” option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the “Deposit now” button in the “Buy-In” window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 11/3/2020