Super Joker Objective: Super Joker is a five-reel slot game with a Gold Jackpot and feature game. The feature game is triggered when three or more Scattered Joker symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The Gold symbol substitutes for all symbols, except the Scattered Joker. The Gold jackpot: The Gold Jackpot consists of four jackpots at different levels; the levels are from the lowest to the highest – the Gold Blitz Jackpot, the Gold Quick Jackpot, the Gold Super Jackpot and the Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are placed. For each spin at any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels of the Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying combination while betting any amount. Information: The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.83%. How to play: When you enter the game, a default bet is set. There are 9 lines in this game. All symbols pay left to right, starting with left-most reel, except for scatters which pay anywhere. You can change the lines played by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between the LINES field. You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between the BET PER LINE field. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. The SPIN button at the bottom-right side of the screen (with circular arrows) starts the game. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to choose between the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: the game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: the game will automatically spin until Jackpot win. Click the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Click the X button to close the AUTOSPIN dialogue window. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to the jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on the Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Feature gameplay: The bonus feature is triggered when three or more Joker symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Five cards are displayed and the user has three chances to find the Joker. Each time a Joker is found, the user wins up to 1,000 times the triggering bet. If a Joker is not found, the user will win a consolation prize of two times the triggering bet. Click on the OK button to restore the main game screen. Feature prizes are added to payline and scatter wins. Jackpot game: The jackpot feature round is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. The main screen then changes to the jackpot screen, allowing you to select six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the $ signs and see the level of jackpot awarded. Each $ sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot: One $ sign awards the Gold Blitz Jackpot Two $ signs award the Gold Quick Jackpot Three $ signs award the Gold Super Jackpot Four $ signs award the Gold Mega Jackpot When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the level of the Jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on the Continue button of the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after clicking on the Continue button. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player cracks that particular jackpot. The reset value of all four jackpots is given below: Gold Mega Jackpot – $500,000 Gold Super Jackpot – $50,000 Gold Quick Jackpot – $5,000 Gold Blitz Jackpot – $500 The current amount of all four jackpot levels is shown in the top-right corner of the game screen. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chances you will have of winning a jackpot. Game rules: All symbols pay left to right starting with the left-most reel, except for the Scattered Joker symbol which pays anywhere. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet-per-line amount. Wins on different paylines are added to the total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount you have bet and are added to payline wins. Only the highest win is paid on each selected payline. Gold symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for the Scattered Joker. PAYTABLE: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “I” button. The Gold symbol substitutes all other symbols except for the scattered Joker symbol. The feature is triggered when three or more scattered Joker symbols appear anywhere on the reels. x5 - 100 x4 - 20 x3 - 5 x2 - 2 x5 - 10,000 x4 - 1,500 x3- 200 x2 - 10 x5 - 2,000 x4 - 500 x3 - 75 x2 - 5 x5 - 1,000 x4 - 250 x3 - 50 x2 - 3 x5 - 500 x4 - 100 x3 - 25 x5 - 500 x4 - 100 x3 - 25 x5 - 200 x4 - 50 x3 - 15 x5 - 200 x4 - 50 x3 - 15 x5 - 150 x4 - 30 x3 - 10 x5 - 150 x4 - 30 x3 - 10 x5 - 100 x4 - 25 x3 - 5 x5 - 100 x4 - 25 x3 - 5 All symbols pay from left to right, except for scatters. PAYLINES: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button on the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 11.10.2016 Last modification date: 11/3/2020