Spins& Stripes Spins  is a slot game with a Free Spins Feature. It is played on 5 reels with 4 symbols shown on each reel. There is a WILD substituting for all symbols except the Free Spin symbol. During Free Spins Feature, whenever a Wild symbol occurs partially on any of the reels, the reels will automatically “nudge” the Wild into place. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.50%. How to play: When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping ‘+’ or ‘-’ buttons on the ‘BET & LINES’ panel. You can change the lines played by tapping ‘+’ or ‘-’ buttons on the ‘BET & LINES’ panel. The TOTAL BET is lines played multiplied by the bet per line. The ‘ SPIN ’ button in the middle right part starts the game. AUTOSPIN : To use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold ‘ SPIN ’ button. You can change amount of AUTOSPINS using ‘ + ’ or ‘ - ‘ buttons. To start the AUTOSPIN, tap on ‘ SPIN ’ button. Tap on the ‘ STOP ’ button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown at the top right of the screen. Tap ‘ ? ’ at the top left of the screen to view game rules Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. RULES Tap on the ‘ i ’ button to navigate to Game Rules. You can go back to the game by tapping on the Back to game button. You can go to the Paytable by tapping on the Paytable button. You can to the Paylines game by tapping on the Paylines button. The Rules can be viewed using ‘ left ’, ‘ right ’ arrows or sliding right/left in the rules pages. Feature: PayTable: Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your account, tap on the “ + ” near your Balance in the right corner of the top toolbar, then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the error message with Deposit button will appear. Tapping on ‘ DEPOSIT ’ button will open the Deposit page. To add funds to your account, tap on “ + ” near your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the round, on reconnection the software will automatically resume the round from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.