Space Venture Objective: Space Venture is a slot game including The Big One jackpot. Select your own scatter for different feature prizes. When the feature is triggered, you can select an instant prize instead of free games and return to betting. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.00%. How to play: When you enter the game, a default bet per win is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the - or + buttons either side of BET PER WIN . All wins are left to right from the left most reel in any position, except scatters which pay anywhere. The TOTAL BET is 50 multiplied by the bet per win. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Select the AUTO SPIN for hands free play. The available options are: X100: 100 games will be automatically played X50: 50 games will be automatically played X25: 25 games will be automatically played X10: 10 games will be automatically played X5: 5 games will be automatically played Click STOP to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All symbols and jackpots will animate when won in addition to background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom left of the screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser button panel commands (These options are not available in full-screen mode.) Click on Rebuy to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Scatter selection: CHOOSE YOUR SCATTER. Alpha, Sigma or Omega. Your choice determines the Instant Prize and Free Game awarded in the SCATTER FEATURE. ALPHA SCATTER (LOW VOLATILITY) SELECT INSTANT PRIZE OR FREE GAMES INSTANT PRIZE 25X, 30X OR 35X TIMES TOTAL BET FREE GAMES 12, 15 OR 20 WITH ALL WILD SYMBOLS REPLACED BY THE SCATTER SIGMA SCATTER (MEDIUM VOLATILITY) SELECT INSTANT PRIZE OR FREE GAMES INSTANT PRIZE 15X, 20X OR 50X TIMES TOTAL BET FREE GAMES 10, 15 OR 25 WITH ALL WILD SYMBOLS REPLACED BY THE SCATTER OMEGA SCATTER (HIGH VOLATILITY) SELECT INSTANT PRIZE OR FREE GAMES INSTANT PRIZE 5X, 15X OR 100X TIMES TOTAL BET FREE GAMES 5, 15 OR 40 WITH ALL WILD SYMBOLS REPLACED BY THE SCATTER Feature: 3 or more scatters trigger the SCATTER FEATURE. Select INSTANT PRIZE or FREE GAMES. The instant prize will be one of the 3 instant prizes corresponding to the selected scatter. Free games will be one of the 3 free game numbers corresponding to the selected scatter. During free games, all SCATTER symbols are removed and more WILD symbols are added. During free games, the bet per win is the same as the game that triggered the feature. The feature cannot be retriggered. Jackpot: The Big One jackpot The Big One jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest - Blitz Cash Jackpot, Quick Cash Jackpot, Super Cash Jackpot, Mega Cash Jackpot and Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the five running jackpots. All five levels in The Big One jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the higher the chances of winning a jackpot will be. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If you win the jackpot, the amount will appear in a pop-up message. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. Jackpot game: when The Big One Jackpot is cracked, the main screen changes to jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed and a wheel is displayed on the screen. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel. The orange colour represents the Blitz Cash jackpot The red colour represents the Quick Cash jackpot The blue colour represents the Super Cash jackpot The green colour represents the Mega Cash jackpot The lavender colour represents the Colossal Cash jackpot The SPIN button is shown to the player and by clicking on SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops at a particular colour and a respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on the 'Continue' button in the pop-up, the game navigates back to the main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, on clicking 'Continue' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled for further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the top area of the Space Venture main game screen. Only real-money play contributes to the jackpot. If you win the jackpot, the amount will appear in a pop-up message. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. RULES Click on the ? button to navigate to the Game Rules. The RULES can be viewed by scrolling down in the rules pages. Select bet per win. Select SPIN to begin game. All symbols pay left to right starting with the left-most reel, except scatters and jackpots. Highest win paid only on left to right combinations. Scatters pay anywhere. All wins are multiplied by bet per win, except jackpots. Jackpots are paid as indicated. Payouts are made according to the paytable except jackpots. Total bet is 50 times bet per win. All wins are added. Malfunctions void all pays and play. Players are responsible for ensuring the correct bet and play selection. The theoretical return to player in this game is 95.00%. You can go back to the game by clicking on the BACK button. PayTable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the help button (?) and using the PAYTABLE button in the rules page. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play-anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a buy-in window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (play-anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients) or click the 'Deposit now' button in the 'Buy-in' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 11/3/2020