Slider EuroRoulette Game Overview: Slider EuroRoulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0 slot), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places his bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to play: Select the amount you want to bet on a given number / group by tapping on the chip of the selected denomination and tapping the targeted number/group and repeating this action until you reach the desired amount. To change chip denomination you can tap on default chip and then choose appropriate value on appeared panel. All possible bet types are defined in Paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, within the maximum table limit. In the roulette table, you may use zooming for the convenience of the placing bets. To remove a chip from the table, click CLEAR BETS (X) or UNDO ( ). Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number. When you hit the SPIN button or REBET  button, the ball will spin on the wheel displayed at the top of the screen. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given below, and your winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops the number will be displayed on the spinning wheel and extra result window with sets of chosen position will be displayed on the central side of the screen. You can see all results by scrolling down the 'Your Pick' section in extra result window. The last 13 winning numbers are shown in the left side of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bets. To repeat the same bet, click the REBET  buttons. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed the pop-up message will appear. If your account balance is 0 then the deposit option will pop-up. Click on the 'Game Rules' button on the top left of the game screen to view the game rules. Please note that the player’s balance is displayed at the top right corner of the application. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. Other Functions: To clear all bets on the table, click the CLEAR BET button (X). To undo the last bet made, click the UNDO button ( ) Spin the wheel with the same bet by clicking on REBET  after a game is finished. Double your bet by clicking on 2xBET  button. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The stats window displays your last 13 results. The statistics window indicates red results with red numbers and black results with white numbers, 0 with green number. Paytable: Bet Description Payout Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline A bet placed between the adjacent streets of 'zero' and ‘1’. This bet covers four numbers: 0, 1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 5:1 Sixers bets (dozen bets) A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2to1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1-18 19-36 A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30% Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs”. Adding funds to your account: To add funds to your account, click on the Balance in the right corner of the top toolbar, then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the message stating that your balance is insufficient to perform this action will pop up with Deposit button. Pressing on ‘Deposit’ button will open the Deposit page. To add funds to your account, click on the Balance in the right corner of the top toolbar. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected from the game just after all of the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, the game is treated as complete and on re-login, you can check the game details in game logs. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Rules version 1.0 Last updated: 11/15/2016