Snow Business Objective: Snow Business is a five-reel, thirty-payline jackpot slot game with a free spins feature. When 3 or more scattered Iceberg symbols appear anywhere in view, the feature screen is displayed where the player is required to catch a random number of fish, each of which reveal a random number of free spins or a random free spins multiplier. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. The Big One Jackpot: The Big One Jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels. The levels are - from the lowest to the highest – the Blitz Cash Jackpot, the Quick Cash Jackpot, the Super Cash Jackpot, the Mega Cash Jackpot and the Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are placed. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each of the five running jackpots. All five levels in The Big One Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination and while betting any amount. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the higher the chances of winning the jackpot will be. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. Game Information: You can place bets on thirty lines. The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.83%. The game, and game rules, are identical in both real-money and play for fun modes. Play for fun mode does not contribute to the jackpot. Here’s how to play: When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines and a total bet is set. BET : You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the - and + buttons available to the left and right of the BET PER LINE meter. If your game balance drops below your total bet amount, the bet and lines will not be adjusted to the next-possible bet amount and instead, an pop-up message will appear with the option to place a lower bet or make a deposit when pressing the SPIN button. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already placed a bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there are sufficient funds in your account. Simply click on SPIN to play with the same bet again. The MAX BET button changes the bet to the maximum possible position. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to choose from the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till jackpot win: The game will automatically spin until Jackpot win. Press the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Press the X button to close the AUTOSPIN dialog window. All 30 lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line' and the total bet amount is displayed in the BET meter located to the left of the BALANCE at the bottom of the screen The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Please note: The AUTO SPIN feature is not available in play-money mode. Your account balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules via Menu button to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs via Menu button to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game via Menu button to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming via Menu button to open Responsible gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch to Real or Play mode game. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to the Game Rules. Use the scroll option to navigate through all game help information. Game Rules: You can play on 30 lines. LINES cannot be changed. The BET amount can be changed by using the - and + buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the 30 lines or any scatter wins will be paid according to the paytable. Any wins are indicated by their paylines being highlighted and symbols becoming animated or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols becoming animated. The individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Any Line win and/or scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. The MAX BET button selects maximum bet for 30 lines. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. The highest win amount is paid on each payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on paylines, except for the scattered Iceberg symbol which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right only, except the Scattered Iceberg symbol which pays anywhere. The Wild Snow Business Logo appears only on Reels 1, 3 and 5. When the Wild Snow Business Logo appears on reel 1: If it appears at the top position on reel 1, it MAY expand to one adjacent position below (this is a random event) and it WILL expand to one adjacent position to the right. If it appears in the center position on reel 1, it WILL expand to one adjacent position above only OR to one adjacent position below only OR to both one adjacent position above and one adjacent position below (this is a random event) and it WILL expand ti one adjacent position to the right. If it appears at the bottom position on reel 1, it MAY expand to one adjacent position above (this is a random event) and it WILL to expand one adjacent position to the right. When the Wild Snow Business Logo appears on reel 3: If it appears at the top position on reel 3, it MAY expand to one adjacent position below (this is a random event) and it WILL expand to one adjacent position to the left only OR to one adjacent position to the right only OR both to one adjacent position to the left and to one adjacent position to the right (this is a random event). If it appears in the center position on reel 3, it WILL to expand one adjacent position above only OR to one adjacent position below only OR to both one adjacent position above and one adjacent position below (this is a random event) and it WILL expand to one adjacent position to the left only OR to one adjacent position to the right only OR to both one adjacent position to the left and one adjacent position to the right (this is a random event). If it appears at the bottom position on reel 3, it MAY expand to one adjacent position above (this is a random event) and it WILL expand to one adjacent position to the left only OR to one adjacent position to the right only OR to both one adjacent position to the left and one adjacent position to the right (this is a random event). When the Wild Snow Business Logo appears on reel 5: If it appears at the top position on reel 5, it MAY expand to one adjacent position below (this is a random event) and it WILL expand to one adjacent position to the left. If it appears in the center position on reel 5, it WILL expand to one adjacent position above only OR to one adjacent position below only OR to both one adjacent position above and one adjacent position below (this is a random event) and it WILL expand to one adjacent position to the left. If it appears at the bottom position on reel 5, it MAY expand to one adjacent position above (this is a random event) and it WILL to expand one adjacent position to the left. The Wild Snow Business Logo substitutes all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the scattered Iceberg symbol. The Wild Snow Business Logo expansion can also occur during free spins. If the Wild Snow Business Logo and three or more scatter symbols appear anywhere in view, then the Wild expansion will be played first followed by the free spins feature. Payline wins are paid only after the Wild expansion. A scatter win is paid both before and after the Wild expansions. A scatter is paid after the Wild expansion only when the number of scatter symbols visible on the screen is more than one. The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. You can go back to the game by tapping on the “Back” button on the left corner of the page. Features: Jackpot game: When The Big One Jackpot is hit, a message is displayed in the ticker as “You win jackpot round!” The main screen then changes to jackpot screen, after a user wins the jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel: An orange colour represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. A red colour represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. A blue colour represents the Super Cash Jackpot. A green colour represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. A lavender colour represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the right side. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops at a particular colour and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is hit, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to the main game screen. If multiple jackpots are hit at the same time, on clicking 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots on the right area of the Snow Business main game screen. The larger your wager, the more changes you have of winning the jackpot. FREE SPINS feature: The free spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Iceberg symbols appear anywhere in view. The feature screen is then shown. Fish, seals and submarine telescopes randomly pop out of the holes in the ice. Players must hook a random number of fish to win free spins and free spin multipliers. Seals and submarine telescopes cannot be hooked and do not award anything. Once the feature is completed, the results are published with 'OK' button. By clicking the 'OK' button, the game returns to the main game screen and the free spins begin. All line wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. All scatter wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier awarded are random. A maximum of 25 free spins and a maximum of 10 free spins multiplier (10x) are awarded. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. If the Wild symbols appear during the free spins, the Wild expansion is played followed by the line payouts and then the free spins continue. When three or more scattered Iceberg symbols appear anywhere in view and at the same time one or more of these scattered Iceberg symbols are adjacent (to the left, right, above, below) to the Snow Business Logo Wild symbol, a scatter win is paid, the Wild symbol expands, a scatter is paid again (if any) and the free spins feature is triggered. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, the normal game is restored. Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. The Snow Business Logo Wild can expand to any symbol to the left, right, above or below and turn it into a Wild symbol. It substitutes all symbols except the scattered Iceberg symbol. The Snow Business Free Spin feature will be triggered when 3 or more scattered Iceberg symbols appear anywhere in view. x5-10 x4-4 x3-2 x2-1 x5-1000 x4-300 x3-100 x2-50 x5-500 x4-200 x3-75 x2-30 x5-250 x4-100 x3-30 x2-10 x5-200 x4-50 x3-20 x2-4 x5-100 x4-30 x3-5 x5-50 x4-15 x3-3 x5-40 x4-12 x3-3 x5-30 x4-10 x3-2 x5-15 x4-8 x3-2 x5-10 x4-6 x3-2 All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol. Paylines: Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the right corner of the control panel, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button on the Browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, or jackpot game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” under My casino via the casino tab. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 12.1.2017 Last modification date: 11/3/2020