Super Joker Objective: Super Joker is a five-reel slot game with Gold Jackpot and Feature game. The feature game is triggered when three or more scattered Joker symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Gold symbol substitutes for all symbols, except the Scattered Joker. The Gold jackpot: The Gold jackpot consists of four jackpots at different levels, the levels are from the lowest to the highest – the Gold Blitz Jackpot, the Gold Quick Jackpot, the Gold Super Jackpot and the Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels of the Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying combination, while betting any amount. Information: The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.83%. How to play: When you enter the game, a default bet is set. There are nine lines in this game. All symbols pay left to right starting with leftmost reel, except for scatters which pay anywhere. The “Option” dialogue appears by pressing on + button (which is mentioned beside the spin). You can change the lines played by tapping on the “+” or “-” buttons in the “Options” dialogue. You can change the bet per line by tapping on the “+” or “-”buttons in the “Options” dialogue. Tap on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. The SPIN button at the right side of the screen (with circular arrows) starts the game. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: the game will automatically spin until the feature is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: the game will automatically spin until Jackpot win. Tap the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN . While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by tapping on the STOP button. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions Void all Pays and Plays. Menu options Tap on the button to open the game MENU panel. Tap on Lobby to leave the game. Tap on Paytable to see payouts. Tap on Help to see game rules. Tap on Sound to turn sound on/off. Tap on Cashier to make a deposit. Rules Tap on the Help button in the MENU to navigate to the Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all of the game help information. Feature gameplay: The bonus feature is triggered when three or more Joker symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Five cards are displayed and the user has 3 chances to find the Joker. Each time a Joker is found, the user wins up to 1,000 times triggering bet. In case a Joker is not found, the user wins a consolation prize of two times triggering bet. Tap on OK button to restore the main game screen. Feature prizes are added to payline and scatter wins. Jackpot game: The jackpot feature round is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen, allowing you to select six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the $ signs, and see the level of jackpot awarded. Each $ sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot: One $ sign awards the Gold Blitz Jackpot Two $ signs award the Gold Quick Jackpot Three $ signs award the Gold Super Jackpot Four $ signs award the Gold Mega Jackpot When a particular jackpot is hit, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen, which displays the level of Jackpot, and the amount is awarded. When tapped on Continue button of the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after tapping on Continue button. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of all four jackpots is given below: Gold Mega Jackpot – $500,000 Gold Super Jackpot – $50,000 Gold Quick Jackpot – $5,000 Gold Blitz Jackpot – $500 The current amount of all four jackpot levels is shown at the top right corner of the game screen. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the higher your chances of winning a jackpot will be. Game rules: All symbols pay left to right starting with the left-most reel, except for the Scattered Joker symbol which pays anywhere. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet-per-line amount. Wins on different paylines are added to the total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount you have bet and are added to payline wins. Only the highest win is paid on each selected payline. Gold symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for the Scattered Joker. PAYTABLE: The Gold symbol substitutes all other symbols, except for the Scattered Joker symbol. The feature is triggered when three or more scattered Joker symbols appear anywhere on the reels. x5 - 100 x4 - 20 x3 - 5 x2 - 2 x5 - 10,000 x4 - 1,500 x3 - 200 x2 - 10 x5 - 2,000 x4 - 500 x3 - 75 x2 -5 x5 -1,000 x4 - 250 x3 - 50 x2 - 3 x5 - 500 x4 - 100 x3 - 25 x5 - 500 x4 - 100 x3 - 25 x5 - 200 x4 - 50 x3 - 15 x5 - 200 x4 - 50 x3 - 15 x5 - 150 x4 - 30 x3 - 10 x5 - 150 x4 - 30 x3 - 10 x5 - 100 x4 - 25 x3 - 5 x5 - 100 x4 - 25 x3 - 5 All symbols pay from left to right, except for scatters. PAYLINES: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Adding funds to your account To deposit funds into your account, tap on the Cashier option in the game MENU and then select your payment method. Game history Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account via the desktop website and selecting the menu option Game logs under My casino via the Casino tab. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 11.10.2016