The Weather Man Objective: The Weather Man is a slot game including The Big One jackpot. This slot has five reels and 9 paylines, any quantity of which can be activated at the player’s discretion. The RAINBOW symbol has dual functionality; it pays as both wild and scatter. There are 4 alternating seasons in the order: Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn. The next season in order after the previous season is played. On game screen, animated man will be appearing for each season: man in shirt will be on summer, man with umbrella will be in spring, man in jacket in autumn, man in hat in winter. In each season, the user can win free games. When 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the game view, the FREE GAME FEATURE is triggered. During free games, wilds replicate on a reel. The Big One Jackpot: The Big One jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest – the Blitz Cash Jackpot, the Quick Cash Jackpot, the Super Cash Jackpot, the Mega Cash Jackpot and the Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each of the five running jackpots. All five levels in The Big One jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination while betting any amount. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the higher the chances of winning the jackpot will be. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. Game Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. Jackpots cannot be won during play-money games. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.00%. During season change, RTP is constant irrespective of season change How to play: When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. BET: you can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the “ - ” and “ + ” buttons either side of the BET meter . If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, the bet will not be adjusted to the next possible bet and instead, the informative message will appear with a proposal to place a lower bet. LINES : nine lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking “-” and “+” buttons between LINES field. Selected lines are lit and unselected lines are not lit. The “MAX BET” button changes bet per line and number of lines to max possible position. Tap on SPIN at the right side of the screen (with circular arrows) to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the paytable. Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount does not exceed the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: the game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: the game will automatically spin until the jackpot is cracked. Click on the “X” button to close the AUTOSPIN dialogue window. Click on the “ STOP” button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom-left of the screen. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming to open the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch between real and play-money mode games. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favourites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to the Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Game Rules: Play 1 to 9 lines. Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected BET. The BET amount can be changed by using the - and + buttons. All symbols pay from left to right starting with the leftmost reel, except for the scatters which pay anywhere in view. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by total credits bet. All wins, except jackpots, are paid according to the paytable. Only the highest win on each line will be paid. Jackpots are paid as shown. Lines wins, scatter wins and jackpots wins are added. If there are 2 or more matching symbols (including wild substitutes), you will receive a payout as defined in the paytable. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. Any 3 or more scatters trigger the FREE GAME FEATURE. During free games, any 3 or more SCATTER symbols retrigger the original number of free games. Players are responsible for ensuring correct bet selection. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Features: Jackpot game: When The Big One jackpot is cracked, a message is displayed in the ticker area below the five reels. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after a user has won a jackpot game in which all of the jackpots and their values are listed in the left-side area and a wheel is displayed in the right-side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel: The orange colour represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red colour represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue colour represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green colour represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender colour represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown in the right-side area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops at a particular colour and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. Click on 'OK' in the pop-up to navigate to the main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, upon clicking 'OK' on the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right-side area of the main game screen The larger your wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. FREE GAME FEATURE: When 3 or more scatters symbols appear in view, the FREE GAME feature is triggered. When the feature is triggered, one of four seasons can be played, depending on the season in which it was won (Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn). During free games, the bet per win and number of lines are the same as the game that triggered the feature. During free games, any 3 or more SCATTERS retrigger the original number of free games. Wild symbol replication can also occur during free games. If a special symbol (Snowman, Rain, Sun, Lightning) appears on the reel during the free game, in accordance with the seasons, all of the icons on this reel except for the trigger icons will be replaced with Wild ones. After Wild symbol replication, the new Wild “MAN” symbol is only a substitute for line symbols and does not count toward retriggers. Once all free spin rounds are completed, the player is displayed with a final message that shows the amount of rounds played and the amount of money won. Winter Feature 3 or 6 free games will award to the player When the special SNOWMAN symbol appears, all other symbols on that reel are replaced by the WILD symbol. Any 3 or more scatters retrigger the feature with the original number of free games. Spring Feature 2 or 4 free games will award to the player When the special RAIN symbol appears, all other symbols on that reel are replaced by the WILD symbol. Any 3 or more scatters retrigger the feature with the original number of free games. Summer Feature 3 or 4 free games will award to the player When the special SUN symbol appears all other symbols on that reel are replaced by the WILD symbol. Any 3 or more scatters retrigger the feature with the original number of free games. Autumn Feature 2 or 5 free games will award to the player When the special LIGHTNING symbol appears, all other symbols on that reel are replaced by the WILD symbol. Any 3 or more scatters retrigger the feature with the original number of free games. Paytable: WILD also SCATTER WILD 5 - 1000 4 - 140 3 - 35 2 - 5 SCATTER 5 - 100 4 - 20 3 - 4 WILD symbol is also a SCATTER WILD symbol is substitute for all symbol REPLECATED WILD REPLICATED WILD symbol is substitute for all symbol except SCATTER in free games 5 - 500 4 – 90 3 –20 2 - 2 5 - 400 4 – 80 3 –15 2 - 2 5 - 300 4 – 70 3 – 12 5 - 250 4 – 60 3 – 10 5 - 200 4 – 50 3 – 8 5 – 180 4 – 45 3 – 7 5 – 160 4 – 40 3 – 6 5 – 120 4 – 30 3 – 4 5 – 100 4 – 25 3 – 3 All symbols pay from left to right, except Scatters: Paylines Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play-anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option in left panel of the main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the browser command panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. After reconnection, the game play is with default season (i.e summer). If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. The season will be the same, which was before disconnection. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 11/3/2020