The Chase Objective: The Chase is a five-reel, 243 ways to win jackpot slot with free spins and Head- to-Head Gamble features. The free spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered The Chase symbols appear anywhere in view. Together with base awards, you can win extra free spins and multipliers which affect wins during those free spins. All prizes including total free spins prizes can be gambled, except jackpot wins. Jackpot: There are five progressive jackpots: Blitz Cash, Quick Cash, Super Cash, Mega Cash and Colossal Cash. Each game a small increment is added to each jackpot dependent on the stake played. The chance of winning one of the jackpots is completely random but related to the total bet being played. The higher the bet the higher the chance of winning one of the jackpots. Information: The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.48%. How to play: When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. BET : You can change the bet per line by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between BET field. SPIN : Click on Spin to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the paytable. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. “ AUTO SPIN ”: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount does not exceed the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: the game will automatically spin until the feature is triggered. Spin till Jackpot win: The game will automatically spin until Jackpot win. Click the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Click the X button to close the AUTOSPIN dialog window. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch to real- or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favourites. Click on Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules: Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Jackpot rules: There are five progressive jackpots: Blitz Cash, Quick Cash, Super Cash, Mega Cash and Colossal Cash. In each game, a small increment is added to each jackpot dependent on the stake played. The chance of winning one of the jackpots is completely random but related to the total bet being played. The higher the bet the higher the chance of winning one of the jackpots. The current amount of all five jackpots is shown in the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset values of all the five jackpots are: Colossal Cash: £25 000. Mega Cash: £10 000. Super Cash: £250. Quick Cash: £20. Blitz Cash: £5. If one of the jackpots is won the Final Chase Jackpot Round is entered. The reels keep spinning up to ten times. Every Final Chase symbol that lands stays in place and moves you up the Jackpot ladder. When the spins stop you will win the jackpot you have reached. The more Final Chase symbols won at the end of the spins reveals which jackpot the player will win: One to six Final Chase symbols award the Blitz Cash Jackpot. Seven to eleven Final Chase symbols award the Quick Cash Jackpot. Twelve or thirteen Final Chase symbols award the Super Cash Jackpot. Fourteen Final Chase symbols award the Mega Cash Jackpot. Fifteen Final Chase symbols award the Colossal Cash Jackpot. Free spins feature rules: 3, 4 or 5 scattered The Chase symbols anywhere in view trigger The Chase Bonus Builder and award free spins 5, 10, 20 accordingly. Along with your starting free spins, you can find additional free spins and win multipliers. After the bonus game is triggered a risk panel is appeared in the game screen. First select your risk. The more chasers hidden behind the screens the more chance of being caught, but the better the rewards. There are several extra free spins, multipliers and chasers hidden across the 3x5 reel positions. Starting on the left, pick top, middle or bottom to reveal a reward or a chaser. Finding a Chaser stops picks. Free spins add to a counter. Default multiplier is X1. Win multipliers add together, so X3 and X2 makes X5. The minimum multiplier can be won is X1 and maximum multiplier can be won is X7. The other two positions are then revealed, and the player moves to the next column. Once the free spins enhancement is finished, the free spins will start. When 3 scatter appears the minimum number of free spins is 5 and maximum number of free spins is 11. When 4 scatter appears the minimum number of free spins is 10 and maximum number of free spins is 19. When 5 scatter appears the minimum number of free spins is 20 and maximum number of free spins is 35. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. At the end of the free spins the total won will be presented to the player. Free spins feature wins are added to the game balance. Head-to-Head Gamble feature rules: True 50/50 chance of winning gamble. All prizes can be gamble (including total free spin prizes). The gamble button is available after winning round. If this is selected, then the gamble game starts, otherwise the next game can be started by using spin button. Wins can be gambled up to 4 times. You can either collect the current prize or pick A or B to gamble. If our chaser agrees with a tick, then you will win the gamble and move to the next prize. If not then you will lose the prize. With each correct answer the red arrow moves down, removing the last prize and pointing to the next. The gamble feature is not available in autospins. The jackpot prize cannot be gambled. Game rules: SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and 243 ways to win. All payouts are made according to the paytable. A wild symbol is possible on all 5 reels and substitutes for all other symbols, except the scattered The Chase symbol. All wins occur on Ways, except for scattered The Chase symbols which appear anywhere in view. Way wins pay left to right and are multiplied by the bet. All coinciding Way wins on different reel positions are added to the total. PAYTABLE: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. Paytable is dynamic: the prize is changed if user changes the bet. Below the example for Bet=0.30. Value is represented in cents. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except the scattered The Chase symbol. Scatter 5 – 6,000 4 – 600 3 – 30 2 scattered The Chase symbols in any position awards a mystery cash prize. Mystery cash prize awards X1, X2, X3, X4, X5 or X10 times bet. 3, 4 or 5 scattered The Chase symbols anywhere in view triggers The Chase Bonus Builder and awards free spins. 5 – 500 4 – 100 3 – 50 5 – 250 4 – 80 3 – 30 5 – 200 4 – 60 3 – 20 5 – 175 4 – 50 3 – 15 5 – 150 4 – 40 3 – 10 5 – 100 4 – 30 3 – 5 5 – 60 4 – 15 3 – 3 5 – 60 4 – 15 3 – 3 5 – 40 4 – 10 3 – 2 5 – 40 4 – 10 3 – 2 5 – 40 4 – 10 3 – 2 Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option in the left panel in the Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or free spin feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 2/19/2018