Arabian Charms Game Introduction Welcome to Arabian Charms the Arabian themed five reel slot machine. There are 20 player pay lines, a Golden Trail and multiple mystery bonuses on offer. How to play Select your stake - If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Spin the reels - Click the SPIN button to start your game. There is an auto play function available that will start each spin automatically until either something occurs that requires your intervention or the number of set spins expires. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel auto play. Pay Table All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Trail Bonus symbol. Golden Trail Bonus If you land 3 bonus scatter symbols in any position on the middle three reels you will enter the Golden Trail Bonus. The trail consists of 20 multiplier values and the player has to press SPIN to determine the number of steps up the trail. The wheel contains the numbers 1 to 6, a bonus upgrade Aladdin and a collect segment. If you land on Aladdin the multiplier trail values will be increased. When you land on collect you will be awarded the multiplier value that is highlighted which will be used to multiply your total bet that initiated the game. Mystery Win Bonus There is a chance at the start of every game of triggering the Arabian Charms Mystery Win Bonus. When this happens it will transform the existing reels into a mystery win and enhance any wins that may be available. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 1/31/2017