The Legend of Big Foot How To Play Use the '+' and '-' buttons to select your bet value. Press the SPIN button to initiate a game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel AUTOPLAY. Autoplay is stopped when a Bonus event occurs. Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except BIG FOOT. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. BIG FOOT Sightings BIG FOOT may appear at random to award one of the following BIG FOOT sighting bonuses SYMBOL SWAP: BIG FOOT may swap a symbol to convert a losing outcome to a winning one. RANDOM WILDS: BIG FOOT may shake the reels to force a random number of Wilds to appear. WILD REELS: BIG FOOT may force a Wild onto reels 2 and 4 until these reels become completely Wild. RESPIN REELS: BIG FOOT may respin all 5 reels after first holding any BIG FOOT Symbols in the free spins trigger panel left of the reels. RESPIN LAST REEL: If 2 Scatter symbols are in view on reels 1 and 3 at the end of a reel spin, BIG FOOT may respin the last reel to try and achieve a free spins bonus. Free Spins Bonus 3 scattered BONUS symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the Free Spins bonus. The Free Spins bonus starts at level 1 with 8 free spins. Following each spin 2 symbols are substituted at random with wild symbols. Any BIG FOOT Symbols in view throughout the Free Spins bonus will add to the free spins trail. For every 3 BIG FOOT Symbols added to the Free Spins trail the next level will be activated. Any Free Spins remaining in the level being played will be "held" before progressing to the next level. Each progressive level offers fewer Free Spins but with additional random wilds. When all the Free Spins in any level are played out in any level without the next level being activated, then the trail will descend 3 BIG FOOT Symbols at a time to the first available level with "held" Free Spins. The Free Spins bonus will end when all the available free spins have been played. Free Spins Bonus Levels Level 1: 8 Free Spins with each spin awarding 2 Random Wilds. Level 2: 7 Free Spins with each spin awarding 3 Random Wilds. Level 3: 6 Free Spins with each spin awarding 4 Random Wilds. Level 4: 5 Free Spins with each spin awarding 5 Random Wilds. Level 5: 4 Free Spins with each spin awarding 6 Random Wilds. Level 6: 4 Free Spins with each spin awarding 7 Random Wilds. 20.00 Big Bet Game Play the game with increased Big Foot sightings in the base game spins. 30.00 Big Bet Game Play the game with increased Big Foot sightings in the base game spins. Double-height Scatter symbols in base game 50.00 Big Bet Game Play the game with increased Big Foot sightings in the base game spins. Double-height Scatter symbols in base game AND Free Spins Big Bet A Big Bet game consists of 5 linked spins of the reels. All wins are cumulative and are paid at the end of the last spin. Each spin uses 5 reels with 20 win lines and wins are paid according to the awards table. Highest win only paid per active win line. It is possible to trigger free spins during every Big Bet game. Disclaimer All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line played. Wins that occur on all selected lines are added to the total win. Scatter wins are awarded for symbols appearing in any position on the reels fro any number of played lines and paid in addition to line wins. Malfunction voids pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250.000,000 It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. When the total stake is less than 2.00, the expected return for this game is 94% When the total stake is greater than or equal to 2.00, the expected return for this game is 96% The expected return for the BIG BET game is 98% The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2018 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 5/16/2018