Bier Haus HTML5 Base Game WILD is wild for everything except FEATURE and GOLD FEATURE Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All 5 reels contain a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin initiates, are randomly replaced with symbols from the paytable. Free Spin Feature 5 or more scattered FEATURE and/or GOLD FEATURE on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, trigger the Free Spin feature. 5 FEATURE and/or GOLD FEATURE award 5 Free Spins For every FEATURE and/or GOLD FEATURE above the initial 5 triggering the feature, 5 additional Free Spins are awarded up to a maximum of 80 initial Free Spins. Each GOLD FEATURE that participates in feature trigger combination is replaced with LOCKED WILD and locks into that reel position on screen at the start of the Free Spins LOCKED WILD remains locked for the entire feature. LOCKED WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE and GOLD FEATURE If FEATURE or GOLD FEATURE lands behind LOCKED WILD and a feature is possible, then its replaced with WILD FEATURE for the current spin only. WILD FEATURE is wild for all symbols. During free spins, 5 or more scattered FEATURE, GOLD FEATURE and/or WILD FEATURE on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, add additional spins to the amount of free spins remaining. Click the 'Start Feature' button to start the Free Spins During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. All 5 reels contain a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin initiates, are randomly replaced with symbols from the paytable. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/31/2017