Barkin Mad Game Introduction "Barkin' Mad is 15 reel game. 1 symbol on each reel is visible, with reels configured in a 5x3 matix. The game features a Wild Dog Multiplier Bonus and a Free Spins Bonus. Certain stakes also feature a Barkin' Mad Bonus, and the Big Bet game exclusively offers the chance to play the Showtime Bonus. " The game features a Barkin' Mad Bonus, Barkin' Mad Free Spins Bonus, Wild Dog Multiplier Bonus and a Big Bet game which offers the chance to play the Showtime Bonus. How to play Select your stake - If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 10 win lines. The win lines are not adjustable in this game. Start the game Press SPIN to initiate the game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'STOP' to cancel auto play. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiplier values. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button. Barkin' Mad Bonus The Barkin' Mad Bonus is only available on certain stakes. If 2 or more Barkin' Mad symbols are in view, at the end of the spins there is a chance that one of the other reel symbols will convert into a Barkin' Mad symbol. This will guarantee a feature entry or add an additional Barking Mad symbol to improve an existing feature entry. Barkin' Mad free Spins Bonus The Barkin' Mad Free Spins Bonus is awarded when 3 or more Barkin' Mad symbols appear anywhere in view on the reels. Any Wild symbols appearing on the reels when the bonus is triggered or within free spins are locked in place for the duration of the bonus. Any upgraded Wild Dog Multiplier symbols will change into Wild symbols before being locked at the start of any free spins feature. Achieving 3 Barking Mad feature symbols awards 10 Freespins, with each additional symbol awarding an extra 2 Freespins. Wild Dog Multiplier Bonus At the end of a spin, if no win or feature entry has been achieved there will be a chance of a Wild Dog multiplier being awarded at random, transforming one of the reel symbols to a Wild Symbol. The upgraded Wild symbol will display a multiplier value that is applied to any wins in which the symbol is present. Showtime Bonus The Showtime Bonus is only achievable from the Big Bet game on qualifying wins. The bonus presents a chance of multiplying the original win value or being awarded a number of free spins. If free spins are awarded, the player is offered the chance to collect the existing reel win or exchange this win for the number of free spins offered. The RTP ranges from 94% to 96% dependant on stake selected. At best strategy the expected return for this game is 96% when playing the Big Bet game. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 1/31/2017