Cash Spin CASH SPIN The objective of the game is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. HOW TO PLAY SELECT YOUR STAKE - If you wish to adjust this, click the CREDIT VALUE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your CREDIT VALUE. CREDITS This meter displays the number of credits being played. Credits are always fixed. STAKE This meter displays the total amount wagered per spin. START THE GAME Click the SPIN button to start your game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel Autoplay. A bonus event will stop the Autoplay. TOTAL WIN This meter displays the total amount won for any single spin. HELP All win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the CREDIT VALUE. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the CREDIT VALUE is adjusted. SPECIAL PAYS 243 WAYS to win. Betting is fixed at 243 ways which costs 40 credits. Awards pay for matching symbols in any position in 2 or more adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award.All pays in currency.One or more Wild symbol in a winning combination is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Wild symbol, U-Spin wheel symbol and Money Bag symbol. Wild symbol appears only on reels 2 and 4. U-Spin WHEEL BONUS FEATURE 3 scattered U-Spin Wheel symbol on reels 1, 3 and 5 initiates the U-Spin Wheel Bonus Feature. One spin of the wheel is awarded. Click to spin the wheel.U-Spin Wheel awards currency or Free Games Bonus Feature.If the wheel stops on a value, currency amount is awarded and U-Spin Bonus Feature ends. Currency amount = Wheel value x Credit value If the wheel stops on Free Games, 1x the stake is awarded and the Free Games Bonus Feature is initiated.During Free Games, all Wheel values are pre-multiplied with 2x. U-Spin Wheel symbol appears only on reels 1, 3 and 5. FREE GAMES BONUS FEATURE The Free Games Bonus Feature is only initiated by the U-Spin Wheel Bonus Feature. 12 Free Games are awarded in addition to 1x the stake. All Free Games are played with the same stake that was in play when the Free Games were initiated.During the Free Games Bonus Feature, all pays are doubled.Additional Free Games may be awarded during the Free Games bonus feature and are added to the remaining Free Games.Money Bag Bonus and U-Spin Wheel Bonus Features are available during Free Games. The Free Games Bonus Feature ends when no Free Games remain or when 60 Free Games have been played. MONEY BAG BONUS FEATURE 3 scattered Money Bag symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 initiates the Money Bag Bonus Feature.Select 1 of 3 Money Bags to reveal its currency award. The 2 unpicked values are then revealed and the Money Bag Bonus Feature ends.Money Bag Bonus Feature awards range from 3 to 50 times the stake.Money Bag symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4. PAY RULE Bet ways win when matching symbols appear anywhere on adjacent reels from the leftmost to the rightmost. Only highest win per bet way is paid. All symbols pay as described in the paytable. Paytable is dynamic and reflects actual payouts based on current wager. Wins on different ways are added together and scatter wins (if available) are added to the way wins.Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 5/16/2018