Call of Fruity Game Introduction Call Of Fruity is a new 5 reel game featuring 3 bonus games, the ""Pick Me Bonus"", ""Bombsight Bonus"" and a ""Fly-By Bonus"". How to play Select your stake - If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 10 win lines. Start the game Press SPIN to initiate the game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel auto play. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Pick Me Bonus The Pick Me Bonus is awarded by landing 3 Pineapple symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5. Select one of these to reveal either a cash multiplier or trigger the Bombsight Bonus. Bombsight Bonus If you trigger the bombsight bonus from the pick me you are prompted to select a bunker. Each bunker reveals a multiplier value that will be removed from the top of the screen. The final award is the multiplier value that remains after all bunkers have been selected x total stake. There are also 3 offers available which may be selected at any time. Accepting an offer ends the bonus and that value x total stake is the final award. Fly-By Bonus Bonus scatter symbols appearing anywhere in view on the centre three reels initates the Fly-By Bonus The middle three reels will be changed to wild symbols and reels 1 and 5 will spin once to generate the win. You are awarded the resulting line wins. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.20%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 3/27/2017