Cheshire Cat BASE GAME BONUS WILD 3 or more scattered BONUS symbols trigger the free spin bonus. 3 scattered BONUS symbols = 5 free spins 4 scattered BONUS symbols = 10 free spins + 10x total bet 5 scattered BONUS symbols = 20 free spins + 50x total bet WILD is wild for all symbols except BONUS symbol. All pays are adjacent on an active payline. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are already multiplied by bet per line. All scatter pays are already multiplied by the total bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on any reel. Mystery symbol When the reel spin initiates, one random symbol from the paytable except BONUS or WILD will be chosen. Multiple instances of the chosen symbol are added on each reel. Wheel feature Wheel feature appears whenever a free spin is triggered. The number of reel arrays and wild reels awarded is determined by a spin of the wheel. FREE SPIN BONUS BONUS symbol does not appear during the free spin bonus. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During free spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. When the reel spin initiates, one random symbol from the paytable except BONUS or WILD will be chosen. Multiple instances of the chosen symbol are added on each reel. BONUS GUARANTEE Any feature ending with less than 10x total bet is automatically increased to 10x total bet at the end of the feature. The Bonus guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. PAYLINES All lines are active at all stake levels. Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only active paylines can register wins. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Copyright Information © 2017 Scientific Games Corporation. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 5/16/2018