Cash Wizard HOW TO PLAY SELECT YOUR STAKE If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. LINES This meter displays the number of lines being played. All lines are always in play. STAKE This meter displays the total amount wagered per spin. START THE GAME Click the SPIN button to start your game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel Autoplay. A bonus event will stop the Autoplay. TOTAL WIN This meter displays the total amount won for any single spin. HELP All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. SPECIAL PAYS All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Only highest win paid per line played. Paytable is dynamic and reflects actual payouts based on current wager. Wins on different lines are added together and scatter wins (if available) are added to payline wins. All pays in currency. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. All active paylines are fixed. One or more Wild Symbol in a winning combination on an active payline is wild and substitutes for all symbols except: Invisible Ink Free Games More Free Games Potions WIZARD BONUS BET This game requires an additional Bonus Bet wager to play. The Bonus Bet wager is equal to 20x the stake per line. The total stake wagered is equal to (30 lines x the stake per line) + the Bonus Bet. The total stake wagered buys all bonus features and all pays on 30 paylines. On any spin that does not result in the Magic Potions Feature, the Invisible Ink Feature or the Free Games Feature, either the Wizard Wild or the Mystery Wheel Feature may be randomly selected to be played in conjunction with the base game reel spin. WIZARD WILD BONUS FEATURE At the start of each game, while the reels are still spinning, the Wizard Wild Bonus Feature may be randomly started. The wizard appears and randomly awards 2 to 5 additional Wild Symbols. Awarded Wild Symbols are held in place until the reels stop spinning and all winning combinations are evaluated. These wilds act as any other wild and have the same substitution rules. Symbols landing behind held Wild Symbols do not affect winning combinations. The bonus feature ends when all winning combinations have been evaluated. No other feature will be awarded on the same spin as the Wizard Wild Bonus feature. MYSTERY WHEEL BONUS FEATURE At the completion of a spin in which no other bonus feature has been initiated, one spin of the Mystery Wheel Feature may be randomly started. If the Mystery Wheel Bonus Feature is started, one spin of the Mystery Wheel is awarded. Click the wizard to stop the wheel. When the wheel stops, the award indicated by the pointer is awarded. If the Free Games Bonus Feature is awarded by the Mystery Wheel, the Free Games Bonus Feature will automatically begin. The total number of free games awarded ranges from 5 to 20 free games. If an amount is awarded, the award is multiplied by the per line wager. The awarded values range from 100 to 10,000 (inclusive of jackpots). FREE GAMES BONUS FEATURE The Free Games Feature can be activated in two different ways. When three scattered Free Games Symbol appear on reels 2, 3 and 4, the players is awarded 15 free games; or when the Mystery Wheel awards the number of free games indicated by the pointer. Free Games symbol will appear only in base game. Player is awarded 2x the Total Stake excluding bonus bet as an award for entering the bonus. All pays in free games are tripled. Additional free games may be awarded during the Free Games Bonus Feature and are added to the remaining free games. 3 scattered More Free Games Symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards the number of free games when the Free Games Bonus Feature was initiated. More Free Games symbol will appear only in free game. Free Games Symbol and More Free Games Symbol appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. All free games are played with the per line bet that was in play when the free games were started. The Free Games Bonus Feature ends when no free games remain. The free games use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. The Wizard Wild and Mystery Wheel Features are not available during free games. All other symbols pay as described in the paytable. MAGIC POTIONS BONUS FEATURE Three Potions Symbol on reels 1, 2, and 3 on a payline starts the Magic Potions Feature. Players may pick up to seven potions to reveal award values. Selecting a Cursed Potion ends the bonus. Player is awarded 10x the stake per line as an award for entering the bonus. If the player selects all 7 potions without revealing Cursed Potion, an additional bonus value of 100 is awarded. Bonus values continue to accumulate during play until the bonus feature ends. Bonus awards are pre-multiplied by the per line wager, times the number of initiating paylines to determine the total bonus won. Total bonus award ranges from 10x to 760x the stake per line times the number of initiating paylines. The feature ends when all 7 potions have been picked or the Cursed potion has been selected. Potions Symbols appears on reels 1, 2 and 3 only. INVISIBLE INK BONUS FEATURE One Invisible Ink Symbol in any position on reel 3 triggers the Invisible Ink Feature. Click the symbol to reveal the bonus award. Player is awarded a random amount from 2x to 20x the Total Stake in play excluding bonus bet. Bonus awards shown have already been multiplied. The Invisible Ink Symbol appears on reel 3 only. Last modification date: 5/16/2018