Dragons Inferno Base Game WILD FEATURE DRAGON WILD and DRAGON are wild for all symbols except FEATURE WILD only appears on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5. DRAGON only appears on reel 3. DRAGON in a line pay triggers the Replicating Wild Feature™. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Reels 1 and 2 contain a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin initiates, are randomly replaced with 1 symbol from the paytable except FEATURE and DRAGON. Feature Description 3 or more scattered FEATURE symbols trigger the Feature. Free spins are awarded based on the number of scattered FEATURE symbols. 5 scattered FEATURE symbols award 40 free spins. 4 scattered FEATURE symbols award 20 free spins. 3 scattered FEATURE symbols award 10 free spins. Click the "START FEATURE" button to start the free spins. During free spins all wins are doubled. During free spins, 3 or more scattered FEATURE symbols add additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Reels 1 and 2 contain a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin initiates, are randomly replaced with 1 symbol from the paytable except FEATURE and DRAGON. Replicating Wild™ can be triggered during free spins. Replicating Wild Feature™ During the Replicating Wild Feature™, wins are evaluated and a symbol using the DRAGON to form a winning combination is used to replace a random number of symbols, then pays are evaluated again. DRAGON and WILD remain during the Replicating Wild Feature™. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The symbol replacement series will only occur once during the Replicating Wild Feature™. DRAGON only appears on reel 3. WILD only appears on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/27/2017