Dragon Spin GAME RULES Dragon Spin is a 5 reel slot game. It contains wilds, scatters, and three exciting bonuses determined by a wheel spin. BASE GAME All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Only highest win paid per line played. Only highest scatter win of each like symbol paid per play. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. One or more WILD in a winning combination on an active payline is wild and substitutes for all available symbols except BONUS. MYSTERY STACKED REELS Each reel contains stacked mystery symbol positions that are replaced with two or three random symbols when the reel spin is initiated. All mystery symbol positions on a reel are replaced with the same symbol per spin. Mystery symbol positions may be replaced with any available symbol except BONUS. WILD is available with the Mystery Stack Reels only. DRAGON SPIN BONUS FEATURE 3 scatterd BONUS on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Dragon Spin Bonus Feature. One spin of the Dragon Spin Wheel is awarded. If the wheel stops on RAINING WILDS the Raining Wilds Free Games will start and the Dragon Spin Bonus ends. If the wheel stops on REEL BLAST the Reel Blast Free Games will satrt and the Dragon Spin Bonus ends. If the wheel stops on PERSISTING WILDS the Persisting Wilds Free Games will start and the Dragon Spin Bonus ends. During the base game, BONUS is available on reels 2, 3, and 4 only RAINING WILDS FREE GAMES If Raining Wilds Free Games are started, 5 free games are awarded. During Raining Wilds Free Games, at the start of each spin, 3 to 10 WILD will randomly be awarded on the reels. Awarded WILD are held in place until the reels stop spinning and all winning combinations are evaluated and paid. All free games are played with the line bet that was in play when the free games were started. Additional free games are not awarded during Raining Wilds Free Games. The Free Games end when no free games remain. The Raining Wilds Free Games use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. During the free games, all mystery symbol positions are replaced with one of the avilable symbols, except WILD, per spin when the reel spin is initiated. BONUS is not available during the Raining Wilds Free Games. PERSISTING WILDS FREE GAMES If Persisting Wilds Free Games are started, 5 free games are awarded. During the Persisting Wilds Free Games, any PERSISTING WILD appearing during the free games is locked into position and stays in the window at that position until the Free Games Bonus Feature is over. Persisting Wilds may be randomly awarded as follows: The first free game may randomly award 1 to 2 PERSISTING WILD. The second free game may randomly award 1 to 2 PERSISTING WILD. The third free game may randomly award 1 to 2 PERSISTING WILD. The fourth free game may randomly award 1 to 3 PERSISTING WILD. The fifth free game may randomly award 2 to 7 PERSISTING WILD. One or more PERSISTING WILD in a winning combination on an active payline is wild and substitutes for all available symbols. All free games are played with the line bets that were in play when the free games were started. Additional free games are not awarded during Persisting Wilds Free Games. The free games end when no free games remain. The Persisting Wilds Free Games use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. During the free games, all mystery symbol positions are replaced with one of the available symbols, except PERSISTING WILD, per spin when the reel spin is initiated. BONUS and WILD are not available during the Persisting Wilds Free Games. PERSISTING WILD is available during the Persisting Wilds Free Games only REEL BLAST FREE GAMES If Reel Blast Free Games are started, 5 free games are awarded. All free games are played on 3 reel sets with a shared Reel Blast center reel. The active paylines on each reel set correspond to the paylines that were active when the Reel Blast Free Games were started. All free games are played with the bet per line that was in play when the Reel Blast Free Games were started. The Reel Blast center reel covers reels 2, 3, and 4 on all 3 reel sets. The symbol appearing on the Reel Blast center reel for a reel set counts as the indicated symbol for all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 of that reel set. Additional free games are not awarded during the Reel Blast Free Games. The Reel Blast Free Games end when no free games remain. The Reel Blast Free Games use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. During the free games, all mystery symbol positions are replaced with the same symbol per spin when the reel spin is initiated. BONUS is not available during the Reel Blast Free Games. Last modification date: 5/16/2018