Gold Fish Base Game WILD FEATURE WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Fish Food Feature TURTLE GOLD TURTLE FISH FOOD 3 or more scattered FEATURE trigger the Fish Food Feature. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on any reel. The Fish Food Feature can be triggered on the Blue and Gold Fish Features. The FISH FOOD contains different kinds of fish food. Pick FISH FOOD to match 3 and receive an award for that type of fish food. Match 4 cans and double your award. Gold Fish food award: 12x, 24x Red Fish food award: 6x, 12x Purple Fish food award: 4x, 8x Blue Fish food award: 2x, 4x Green Fish food award: 1x, 2x Finding 3 turtle food cans allow you to pick 1 of 3 TURTLE. Pick a TURTLE for a final award! If every can with fish food is found, you get to choose 1 of 3 GOLD TURTLE for a more valuable final award! Turtle award: 2x, 3x, 10x Gold Turtle award: 20x, 30x, 50x All Fish Food and Turtle monetary awards are multiplied by the total line bet. All scatter pay monetary awards have been multiplied by the total line bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Gold Fish Feature CLICK TO START A Fish Feature may be randomly triggered after any spin. A fishbowl slides on screen and 1 of 5 different colored Fish jumps into the fishbowl. Each Fish awards a different Fish Feature. The Gold Fish jumping into the fishbowl triggers the Gold Fish Feature. Pick a bubble to reveal a number of free spins. Spins awarded: 5, 8, 10, 15, 20. Multipliers: 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x. Consolation prize for non-winning spin: 2x. Click the CLICK TO START to begin spinning. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. 5 WILD and the consolation prize are not multiplied by the multiplier, only by line bet. The Gold Fish Feature award is multiplied by the line bet. The consolation prize is multiplied by the line bet. Fish Features cannot be retriggered. Fish Features cannot be triggered during free spins. Purple Fish Feature A Fish Feature may be randomly triggered after any spin. A fishbowl slides on screen and 1 of 5 different colored Fish jumps into the fishbowl. Each Fish awards a different Fish Feature. The Purple Fish jumping into the fishbowl triggers the Purple Fish Feature. The Purple Fish will blow 3 bubbles, each containing a digit 0 - 9. The digits arrange themselves into place, creating a monetary award. Purple Fish Awards: 15x - 984x. The Purple Fish Feature award is multiplied by the line bet. Fish Features cannot be retriggered. Red Fish Feature A Fish Feature may be randomly triggered after any spin. A fishbowl slides on screen and 1 of 5 different colored Fish jumps into the fishbowl. Each Fish awards a different Fish Feature. The Red Fish jumping into the fishbowl triggers the Red Fish Feature. Pick the castle, clam, or chest bubble to reveal an award. Every time one of the Fish kisses the award, the award increases in value. Gold Fish kiss doubles the current amount. Purple Fish kiss award: 25x - 200x. Blue Fish award: 20x - 100x. Green Fish award: 5x - 50x. Initial pick award: 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x. Number of kisses: 2 - 10. The Red Fish Feature award is multiplied by the line bet. Fish Features cannot be retriggered. Green Fish Feature A Fish Feature may be randomly triggered after any spin. A fishbowl slides on screen and 1 of 5 different colored Fish jumps into the fishbowl. Each Fish awards a different Fish Feature. The Green Fish jumping into the fishbowl triggers the Green Fish Feature. Pick a bubble to reveal a monetary award. If the "Award All" is revealed, all monetary awards are paid. Bubble Award: 10x - 500x. The Green Fish Feature award is multiplied by the line bet. Fish Features cannot be retriggered. Blue Fish Feature CLICK TO START A Fish Feature may be randomly triggered after any spin. A fishbowl slides on screen and 1 of 5 different colored Fish jumps into the fishbowl. Each Fish awards a different Fish Feature. The Blue Fish jumping into the fishbowl triggers the Blue Fish Feature. Click the CLICK TO START to begin spinning. Superscatter spins are awarded. Symbols appearing anywhere on the screen are counted towards winning combinations. Only one symbol is counted per reel per winning combination. Superscatter spins awarded: 1 - 3 Consolation prize for non-winning Superscatter spin: 10x All Superscatter awards pay highest winner per winning combination. When the reels stop, all symbols are evaluated as scatter pays and are multiplied by the line bet. The Blue Fish Feature award is multiplied by the line bet. The consolation prize is multiplied by the line bet. Fish Features cannot be triggered during Superscatter spins. Fish Features cannot be retriggered. PAYLINES Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line plus feature bet. The Fish Feature Bet is an additional forced wager of 10 times the bet per line amount. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/27/2017