Gems Gems Gems Base Game Only highest winner paid per winning combination within each reel set. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur within each reel set, beginning with the leftmost reel. WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. Super Multi-Pay Feature Any WILD and/or FEATURE appearing within the main reel set, transfer to each of the corresponding three smaller reel sets, and award any pays or feature. 3 or more scattered FEATURE within each reel set trigger the Free Spin Feature. If two scattered FEATURE symbols appear on the same reel, they are only counted as 1 scattered FEATURE symbol. During super spin the reels stop time is extended for smaller reel sets. Free Spin Feature 3 or more scattered FEATURE within each reel set trigger the Free Spin Feature. During the Free Spins WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. Click the CLICK TO START FEATURE button to start free spins. Feature triggering on 4 reel sets awards 10 Free Spins with a 12x multiplier. Feature triggering on 3 reel sets awards 10 Free Spins with a 9x multiplier. Feature triggering on 2 reel sets awards 10 Free Spins with a 6x multiplier. Feature triggering on 1 reel set awards 10 Free Spins with a 3x multiplier. 3 or more scattered FEATURE symbol during free spins award 10 additional free spins to the amount remaining. Any multiplier awarded by the initial trigger remains in play for the entire free spins. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Only highest winner paid per winning combination within each reel set. All scatter pays are multiplied by the Total Bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.