Gorilla Chief 2 Base Game WILD FEATURE WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. WILD only appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Feature Description 3 scattered FEATURE symbols trigger the Feature. 10 free spins are awarded. Additional WILD symbols are added to the reels for the Feature. Hot Hot Super Respin can be triggered during the Feature. FEATURE symbols only appear on reels 1, 2, and 3. During free spins, 3 scattered FEATURE add 10 additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Hot Hot Super Respin Description The Hot Hot Super Respin mode requires an additional forced wager of 15 times the bet per line amount for every 2 lines and is added to the total wager. All quickbet buttons automatically add the Hot Hot Super Respin bet to the total wager. The classic dashboard automatically adds the Hot Hot Super Respin bet to the total wager and maximum lines are played by default and cannot be changed. Whenever the same symbol appears in all positions on reel one, Hot Hot Super Respin is activated awarding the player 2 respins. Reel one is held and any matching symbols or WILD appearing on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 are held as the reels spin behind these held symbols. After the 1st respin, any additional matching symbols or WILD are held for the 2nd respin. All line pays are evaluated at the end of the 2nd respin. If all reel positions are filled with matching symbols and WILD then Hot Hot Super Respin ends with all the pays immediately evaluated. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations in Hot Hot Super Respin mode are identical to the base game. During Hot Hot Super Respin, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the respin. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the line bet amount added for every 2 lines plus the feature bet. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/31/2017