King of Africa Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Scatter Pays Winning FEATURE scatter pay combinations pay in any position on any reels. All scatter pay monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total line bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Feature Description WILD REEL 3 or more scattered FEATURE trigger the Feature: 8 Free spins are initially awarded. While in the Feature, 3 of more scattered FEATURE award an additional 8 free spins to the amount of spins remaining. The WILD REEL is wild for all symbols except the FEATURE. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. During each spin, 1 reel is wild. The WILD REEL randomly appears on 1 of the 5 reels at the beginning of each spin. Hot Hot Penny Description The Hot Hot Penny bet is an additional forced wager of 10 times the bet per line amount and is automatically added to the total wager. All quickbet buttons automatically add the Hot Hot Penny bet to the total wager. The classic dashboard automatically adds the Hot Hot Penny bet to the total wager and maximum lines are played by default and cannot be changed. When 2 or more FEATURE symbols appear on the reels, all line pays are evaluated. The reels that have the FEATURE symbols are held and the remaining reels respin once. Line pays are not evaluated after the respin.This also applies to the free spins in the Game Feature but the WILD REEL is held along with the FEATURE symbols. If 3 or more FEATURE symbols appear on the reels, the Game Feature is initiated. Before the Game Feature begins, a pick screen appears consisting of 25 tiles. Pick tiles for additional free spins. Pick screen does not appear during free spins. Picks are awarded based on the number of FEATURE scattered triggers. 3 FEATURE Symbols = 3 picks 4 FEATURE Symbols = 4 picks 5 FEATURE Symbols = 5 picks Possible pick tile awards = +1 SPIN, +2 SPINS, +3 SPINS, COIN. COIN awards additional free spins depending on the number of coins found. 1 COIN found = 5 total spins 2 COINS found = 10 total spins 3 COINS found = 30 total spins Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line plus the feature bet. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/31/2017