Key Bet Roulette INTRODUCTION TO KEYBET TM ROULETTE When the spin button is pressed a random number between o and 37 (37 being key bet) is drawn. The result of this draw will then be shown as where the ball comes to rest.When making a successful selection the stake will be multiplied by the award shown on the payouts help screen.The additional key bet betting option is a side bet that can be placed alongside the standard roulette table bets. This ”key bet- position is separate from the main table, so split bets are not possible on the new key bet position. PAYOUTS 36/1 - SINGLE NUMBER 18/1 - SPLIT NUMBER (6 NUMBERS) 12/1 - ROW (3 NUMBERS) 9/1 - CORNER (4 NUMBERS) 6/1 - SPLIT ROW (6 NUMBERS) 3/1 - COLUMN/DOZEN (12 NUMBERS) EVENS - RED/BLACK ODD/EVEN HIGH/LOW NUMBERS KEY BET AWARDS KEY BET PRIZE HOW TO BET Select where you want to place your chips by touching the on-screen table.Adjust your unit stake for each bet by touching the chip again to increase your stake. The minimum unit stake on the key bet is set at 1.00 the maximum unit stake on the key bet is set at 250.00 the minimum stake on the table, including the key bet is set at 1.00 all wins are added to the balance meter. BET ON WHEEL Select where you want to place your chips by touching the on-screen wheel neighbours bets any bet placed will automatically place the same bet on adjacent numbers.The number of adjacent bets is selectable within the centre of the track.The number of adjacent bets is selectable within the centre of the track. KEY BET The key bet is a side bet that can be played alongside the standard roulette bets. This key bet position is separate from the main table so split bets are not possible on the key bet position. Place a bet on the key bet and the pot value will be displayed. this can be up to a maximum of 100x the key bet stake. The key bet disc spins every game and highlights the award of a multiplier or pot position fora winning key bet wager. The roulette wheel will then spin. if the ball lands in the key bet position and the player has wagered on this key bet position and the player has wagered on this position, they will win the highlighted award. 1.00 IS THE MINIMUM KEY BET WAGER. 250.00 IS THE MAXIMUM KEY BET WAGER. BUTTONS Neighbour bets - enters the neighbours betting screen. Bet on wheel - enters the wheel betting screen. Help and odds - accesses the game help and game odds. Clear last chip - removes the most recent chip added. Clear all chips - to remove all chips from the table. Double bet - doubles any bet placed on the table. Repeat last bet - repeats the previous bet Stake - changes the chip value between low, medium and high. Spin - begins the game. Malfunction voids pays and plays.In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent.The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game.The expected return for this game is 94.74% .The expected return for this game playing the Key Bet is 95..54%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. @2015 Scientific Games. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 1/29/2019