Kingdom of the Titans Base Game WILD FEATURE WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. WILD only appears on reel columns 1, 3, and 5. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reel columns, beginning with the leftmost reel column. Spinning Streak  Description The reel columns are made up of 15 independent reels displayed in a layout of 3 rows and 5 columns. During each game, if any paytable-defined win appears on the reel columns the Spinning Streak  feature becomes active. The reels containing the symbols that are a part of any paytable-defined win hold in place and the remaining reels re-spin. As long as the re-spin results in any new or increased paytable defined win, the Spinning Streak  feature will continue. When the Spinning Streak  feature ends, all active paylines are evaluated and paid. Feature Description Anytime during the free spins when a Spinning Streak  occurs a random multiplier from 2x to 10x is awarded at the end of Spinning Streak . The chosen multiplier then multiplies all paytable defined wins that appear on the reel columns. An alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reel columns are identical to the base game. The bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. 5 or more scattered FEATURE symbols trigger the Free Spin Feature. 5 - 7 FEATURE symbols award 8 free spins. 8 - 9 FEATURE symbols award 10 free spins. 10 FEATURE symbols award 25 free spins. 11 - 15 FEATURE symbols award 50 free spins. Click the "START FEATURE" button to start the free spins. When 3 or more FEATURE symbols appear scattered on the reel columns within a spin, they pay 1x total bet and remain in place regardless of paytable defined win condition. When 11 or more FEATURE symbols appear scattered on the reel columns, any additional scattered symbol will not cause the reels to respin, but will immediately trigger the Free Spin Feature. All scatter pay monetary awards appearing in the feature have already been multiplied by the total bet. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on the reel columns. During free spins, 5 or more FEATURE add additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining. Scatter pays are added to the payline wins. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/31/2017