Legend of the Pharaohs Untitled Document Game Rules PAYS All awards pay for 3 or more adjacent left to right combinations beginning with the leftmost reel. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. All line wins are multiplied by the stake per line. Highest win only paid, per active line. Scatter symbols Pay at any position on the reels Scatter wins pay in addition to line wins All Pays in currency Malfunction voids pays and plays. Return to player(Normal Game) = 96.10%. Return to player(BigBet Game) = 98.10%. Base Game Desktop Mobile Free Spins Feature Desktop Triggered by 3 or more Pyramid symbol landing in view on the reels 3 symbols awards 10 Free Spins + 1 Bonus 4 symbols awards 10 Free Spins + 2 Bonuses 5 symbols awards 10 Free Spins + 3 Bonuses The Free Spins Bonus uses the same win schedule as the initiating bet. Mobile Free Spins are played off on all 5 reels with 20 active win lines. All wins achieved during free spins are accumulated and paid at the end of the bonus. During the Free Spins Bonus there will always be at least one Bonus active. Free Spins Colossal Symbol Bonus Colossal Symbol will turn one chosen symbol to be colossal across reels 2, 3 and 4. The Colossal symbol will initially cover 9 positions across the three reels. The symbol will remain Colossal until the end of the Free Spins Bonus or if another Bonus is awarded. Each bonus awarded can turn one reel symbol in to Colossal Free Spins Win Eliminators Bonus Win Eliminators will eliminate the shown win from the reel SYMBOLS and win schedule. Any eliminated symbols will remain eliminated until the end of the free spins bonus or until a new bonus is awarded. It will always eliminate the wins from the bottom upwards, starting with 10’s then J’s then Q’s and so on. Up to 5 Win Eliminators can be given from a single bonus award. Free Spins Wild Reels Bonus Wild Reels will turn all of the positions on the reel to Wilds. The reels will spin as normal and any wins achieved will be added to the winnings display. The reel will remain as wild until the end of the Free Spins Bonus or if another Bonus is awarded. Each bonus awarded can turn one reel wild. Free Spins Wild symbols Bonus Wild Symbols will turn all of the awarded symbols on the reels to Wilds. The reels will spin as normal and any wins achieved will be added to the winnings display. The symbols will remain as wild until the end of the Free Spins Bonus or if another Bonus is awarded. Each bonus awarded can turn one reel symbol wild. Free Spins Re-Trigger Each time a RED PYRAMID symbol stops on the reel during the Free Spins Bonus a re-trigger will be offered. If 1 RED PYRAMID symbol stop on the reel it will award a number of free spins & 1 Bonus, if 2 RED PYRAMID symbol stops on the reels it will award 2 Bonuses and if 3 RED PYRAMID symbol Stops on the reels it awards 3 bonuses. It will award a new number of free spins along with a different bonus to what is currently active. A choice will be given to continue with the current number of Free Spins and active bonus, or exchange it for the new number of Free Spins and new Bonus. BEST STRATEGY Pressing the best strategy button will highlight the best option. Selecting the highlighted bonus is statistically more likely to give a higher return. BIG BET Feature The Big Bets game uses a single set of reels. On each of the different games the player is awarded 5 spins. The BIG BET game uses the same bet multipliers; however the line bet is fixed at 0.10. Free spin Features in Big bet is same as Base game free spin BIG BET Stake Options £20 Game Every time a Pyramid spins into view it will light an icon above the reels. Any icons collected will remain in place throughout the 5 spins. At the end of the Big Bets Game, if 3 or more icons have been collected it will award Free Spins. Each extra icon beyond 5 will award additional 5 free spins up to a maximum of 25 Free Spins in total. £30 Game Has locking Pyramid icons the same as the £20 game but on this stake the Pharaoh’s Bonus is active. If at the end of the Big Bets game there are2 feature icons collected then the Pharaoh’s Bonus is awarded. Pharaohs Bonus. Pharaohs Bonus -This is similar to a pie gamble but instead of having just winning and losing sections, it has 3 winning sections and one losing section. The dial will come onto the bottom screen overlaying the reels. The dial will be split into 4 sections, two winning cash sandwiching a winning feature entry and a losing section If a losing spins is given then the dial goes off screen. BIG BET Stake Options £40 Game This works the same as the previous two stakes but on this stake the SUPER Pharaoh’s feature is active. The Feature Entry section of the pie still awards a 3 OAK Free Spins entry but is now bigger in size. The two cash value sections remain the same size however the values themselves are of higher value. £50 Game This works the same as the previous stakes but on this stake the MEGA Pharaoh’s feature is active. The Feature Entry section of the pie is now even bigger but still offers a 3 OAK feature entry if won. The two cash value sections remain the same size however the values themselves are of higher value. Last modification date: 5/16/2018