Lucky 5 Reeler Game Introduction Lucky 5 Reeler is a multi line slot that with 5 chances to win. All winning symbols are locked in place giving you the chance to repeat or improve on your wins. How to play Select your stake If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 10 win lines. If you wish to adjust this, click the LINES '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the number of lines played. You can select to play either 5 or 10 lines. Spin the reels Click the SPIN button to start your game. There is an auto play function available that will start each spin automatically until either something occurs that requires your intervention or the number of set spins expires. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel auto play. Pay Table All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Trail Bonus symbol. Locked Symbols With each spin, any winning symbols are locked into place for the next spin. If you have any spins remaining, this gives you the chance to improve on the win. If every position contains winning symbols, the entire reel set will be locked in place for the remaining spins. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. The theoretical average return to player is 87.76% when playing 5 lines and 94.67% when playing 10 lines. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 1/31/2017