Lady Robin Hood This game is for mobile ONLY. Lady luck is "ON" for you.But this time with arrows.Let those arrows brings you fortune. HOW TO PLAY SELECT YOUR STAKE - If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. LINES This meter displays the number of lines being played. All lines are always in play. STAKE This meter displays the total amount wagered per spin. START THE GAME Click the SPIN button to start your game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel Autoplay. A bonus event will stop the Autoplay. TOTAL WIN This meter displays the total amount won for any single spin. HELP All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. WILD One or more Wild symbols in a winning combination on an active payline is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games symbols. Wild symbols appear only on reels 2-5. WILD FREE GAME If a Free Games symbol would land in a space where a Wild symbol appears, it counts as both a Wild symbol and as a Free Games symbol. TARGET During the Free Games Bonus Feature each Target symbol in an outcome awards 1 arrow. FREE GAME Three Free Games symbols starts the Free Games Bonus Feature. 3 Free Games symbols pays 2X total stake. SPECIAL PAYS All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest win paid per line played.Scatter pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Only highest scatter win of each symbol paid per play.Only one scatter win of each symbol paid per play.Scatter pays are multiplied by the total stake wagered.Paytable is dynamic and reflects actual payouts based upon current wager.Wins on different lines are added together and scattered wins (if available) are added to pay line wins.All pays in currency.Malfunction voids all plays and pays. All active paylines are fixed. ARROW MYSTERY WILD FEATURE During any base game spin there is a chance 2 to 8 wild symbols will randomly appear in the reel window on reels 2 through 5.The wilds substitute for all symbols except Free Games symbols.If a Free Games symbol would land in a space where a wild appears it counts as both a Free Games and Wild Symbol.Any symbol may be replaced with a wild, including an existing wild symbol.Line pays are awarded after all wild substitutions occur. FREE GAMES BONUS FEATURE 3 Free Games symbols appearing scattered on reels 1, 3, and 5 starts the Free Games Bonus Feature. 10 free games are awarded in addition to 2x the stake in play. All free games are played with the stake that was in play when the bonus feature was triggered. Additional free games are not awarded during the Free Games Bonus Feature. The Free Games Bonus Feature ends when no free games remain. The Free Games Bonus Feature uses reels that are different from the base game. 3 arrows are awarded when the Free Games Bonus Feature begins. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 have a shield above them. Each shield has four positions that can be filled to trigger a locked Wild Reel. Before the free games start and after each spin for each arrow collected a position is filled. When the four positions of any shield are filled, that reel becomes wild for all remaining free spins. During the Free Games Bonus Feature, each target symbol appearing in an outcome awards one arrow. There is also a chance that any arrow collected (except the first three) can fill up an entire shield. Wild symbols and reels substitute for all symbols except the Target Symbol. Any Arrows collected on the last spin will not trigger a shield position selection. There is no pay associated with the Target Symbol during the Free Games Bonus Features. All other symbols pay as described on the paytable. Target symbols appear on all reels. Last modification date: 5/16/2018