Lady of Egypt Lady Of Egypt Experience a distant and exotic land in the newest exciting offering from Scientific Games, Lady of Egypt! With a thoroughly unique horizontal reel array and the potential for one great win to lead to a fantastic jackpot, you won’t find a similar experience anywhere else. Come and feel the magic of the pharaohs! Lady of Egypt features: jackpots, a Free Spin Bonus, Enhanced Pays, wilds, wild reels, and a unique reel array that moves as you win! HOW TO PLAY Select your stake - To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 9 win lines. The win lines are not adjustable in this game. Start the game Press SPIN (the button showing an arrow) to initiate the game. Autoplay If this game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a number of spins to be played out autonomously, without any further player input. All necessary options, as determined by jurisdictional requirements, need to be configured by the player prior to setting AUTOPLAY in motion. To begin AUTOPLAY, select the AUTOPLAY button from the game screen. Once the AUTOPLAY menu has opened, the player will configure AUTOPLAY to their desired specifications. The selection "NUMBER OF AUTOSPINS" will determine the number of spins to be played automatically. When the spins configured by the player's selection in "NUMBER OF AUTOSPINS" are completed, AUTOPLAY will stop. In certain jurisdictions, players will be required to set the options "STOP WHEN LOST MORE THAN .." and "STOP ON A SINGLE WIN OVER .." in addition to the desired number of spins played automatically. The selection "STOP WHEN LOST MORE THAN .." will stop AUTOPLAY after a player has lost the total amount selected. The selection "STOP ON A SINGLE WIN OVER .." will stop AUTOPLAY after a player has won the total amount selected on a single spin. AUTOPLAY will stop when the conditions met in any of "NUMBER OF AUTOSPINS", "STOP WHEN LOST MORE THAN ..", and/or "STOP ON A SINGLE WIN OVER .." are met. Once the player has configured AUTOPLAY to their desired specifications, they will select the START button, which will set the reels into motion. At any time after this point, the player can select the STOP button to stop the remaining AUTOPLAY spins. Once stopped, AUTOPLAY will need to be reconfigured through the AUTOPLAY menu in order to take advantage of this feature. "The player can exit the AUTOPLAY menu at any time by selecting the CANCEL button. " A bonus event will stop the Autoplay. EXPANDED PAY Fill the Speed Spins 3x3 Active Reels with the same symbol or with mixed symbols for Expanded Pay. WILD only appears on reels 2, 4, 6 and 8. All Expanded Pay awards are multiplied by Speed Spins Multiplier. WILD is wild for all symbols except BONUS. SPEED SPINS Multiplier Any line win or Expanded Pay will advance the Speed Spins Active Reels two reels to the right and may increase the Speed Spins Multiplier up to 5x. 10th reel Any line win or expanded pay on the 5x Speed Spins Active Reels will advance to the 10th reel. On the 10th reel, a multiplier (350x – 1000x) or a jackpot may be awarded if that prize falls in the center of the 10th reel. All multiplier awards displayed on the 10th reel will be multiplied by the bet per line. The Grand, Major, and Minor Jackpots are displayed above the Speed Spins reels. If a jackpot is won, one of the three jackpots is randomly awarded. GRAND JACKPOT 20000x MAJOR JACKPOT 5000x MINOR JACKPOT 1000x Jackpots when awarded will be multiplied by the bet per line FREE SPIN BONUS 3 or more scattered BONUS trigger the Free Spin Bonus! 3 scattered BONUS awards 8 free spins. 4 scattered BONUS awards 10x total bet and 12 free spins. 5 scattered BONUS awards 25x total bet and 16 free spins. 6 or more scattered BONUS awards 50x total bet and 30 free spins. During the Free Spin Bonus, 2 to 4 reels are randomly filled with WILD on ever spin. Only reels 2, 4, 6, or 8 can be filled with WILD. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. The bet multiplier remains the same as the spin that triggered the bonus. Free Spin Bonus ends when no free spins remain. Scatter Pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. BONUS GUARANTEE! The Free Spin Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x total bet. Any bonus ending with less than 10x is automatically increased to 10x total bet at the end of the bonus. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. GAME RULES Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel of the Speed Spins Active Reels. Only the highest win paid per line. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. A win can occur on any or all of these lines on the Speed Spins Active Reels. Only active paylines can register wins. Scatter Pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Scatter pays are added to any line pays. Scatter pays are not multiplied by the bet per line or Speed Spins Multiplier. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/16/2018