Lunaris Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols, except MYSTERY and BONUS. WILD does not appear on reel 1 of the COLOSSAL REEL SET. Only highest winner paid per winning combination on each reel set. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Line pays do not continue from one reel set to the next. Each reel set uses a unique set of reels. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. BONUS appears on reels 1,3 and 5 of the MAIN REEL SET and reels 1,3 and 5 of the COLOSSAL REEL SET. MYSTERY appears only on reels 1,3 and 5 of the MAIN REEL SET. Mystery Symbols Feature MYSTERY appearing on reels 1, 3, and/or 5 of the MAIN REEL SET triggers the Mystery Symbols Feature. Each MYSTERY awards 5, 8, 10, 15, or 20 REVEAL. REVEAL will randomly transfer to unique positions on the COLOSSAL REEL SET. Once all transfers are complete, REVEAL and MYSTERY will reveal one symbol from the paytable except BONUS. All line pays are evaluated after the symbols are revealed. BONUS and WILD remain active after the reveal. Each reel set uses a unique set of reels. WILD is wild for all symbols, except MYSTERY and BONUS. Free Spins Bonus 3 or more scattered BONUS trigger the Free Spins Bonus. BONUS appears on reels 1,3 and 5 of the MAIN REEL SET and reels 1,3 and 5 of the COLOSSAL REEL SET. 6 BONUS = 25 free spins + 25X total bet. 5 BONUS = 20 free spins + 20X total bet. 4 BONUS = 12 free spins + 10X total bet. 3 BONUS = 8 free spins + 2X total bet. An alternate set of reels are used during free spins. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. All scatter pay awards are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter pays are added to the payline wins. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. During free spins, 3 or more scattered BONUS across both reel sets adds additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining. During the free spins, WILD is wild for all symbols, except MYSTERY and BONUS. Quikset Panel Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per 2 line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Bonus Guarantee When max lines are played, the Free Spins Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 5x total bet. Any bonus ending with less than 5x total bet is automatically increased to 5x total bet at the end of the bonus. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. When less than max lines are played, a bonus mystery kicker may award 5x, 10x or 20x the total bet at the end of bonus. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the line bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/16/2018