Monopoly Once around deluxe Base Game The WILD symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except BONUS, COMMUNITY CHEST, and CHANCE. 3 or more BONUS symbols on an active payline triggers the Once Around Deluxe bonus. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. All scatter pays are already multiplied by the total bet. All scatter pay awards are added to wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on any reel. Side Betting There is an option to place additional side bets on property spaces by building houses on them. To place side bets, select the Buy Houses Now button. Side bets can be placed on any eligible property on the MONOPOLY board. Eligible properties exclude Chance, Community Chest, Kings Cross Station, Marylebone Station, Fenchurch Street Station , Liverpool Street Station, Water Works, Electric Company, Super Tax, Income Tax, Just Visiting/Jail, Go To Jail, Free Parking, and Go spaces. You can build up to 5 houses on each property. The fifth house is a hotel. The cost per house is indicated on each property’s deed card, and varies depending on the value of the property. To build houses or hotels, select a property on the board. The property’s deed card will appear in the center of the board. Next, select Build House or Build Hotel. Selecting Buy One House/Hotel on All Properties will build 1 house or hotel on all eligible properties. Selecting Cancel All Side Bets will remove all houses and hotels from the board. During play, if the MONOPOLY token stops on a property on which houses are built, the player will choose 1 of 5 rent cheques. House awards range from 3 to 180 times the total side bet amount for that property. Houses must be built before the first roll of the dice and are only valid for the current Once Around Deluxe bonus and Twice Around feature, if triggered. Once Around Deluxe Bonus 3 or more BONUS symbols on an active payline triggers the Once Around Deluxe Bonus. To begin the bonus, please select the token of your choice. The objective of the game is to advance the token around the MONOPOLY board. The token moves the number of spaces shown on the dice on the MONOPOLY board. If a roll would result in advancing the token past the Go square, the token will stop on Go, the Go pay is awarded, and the bonus round ends. If an exact roll of the dice results in the advancing token stopping on the Go square, the Go pay is not awarded but instead the Twice Around feature is triggered. The Twice Around feature can also be triggered by the token stopping on a Chance or Community Chest space and receiving an Advance to Go card. The objective of the Twice Around feature is to advance the token around the board. This is accomplished the same way as in the Once Around Deluxe bonus. If a roll advances the token to or past the Go square, the token stops on Go, the Go pay is awarded, and the bonus ends. The Twice Around feature cannot be retriggered. During the Twice Around feature, all awards are doubled. Side bet awards are not doubled. During the Once Around Deluxe bonus and the Twice Around feature, stopping on the Go To Jail, Just Visiting/Jail, Income Tax, and Super Tax spaces does not award any pays. Stopping on the Go To Jail space does not move the token to the Just Visiting/Jail space. Play continues from the Go To Jail space. If the token stops on a Chance or Community Chest space, a card is revealed. The card may award between 15x-100x bet per line, advance the token to Go, Mayfair, Park Lane, Pall Mall, Trafalgar Square, Or Whitechapel Road, or move the token back to Old Kent Road. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. All scatter pays are already multiplied by the total bet. All scatter pay awards are added to wins. QUIKSET PANEL Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. PAYLINES Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Copyright Information The MONOPOLY name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and the playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment. ©1935, 2015 Hasbro. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 1/31/2017