Money Mad Martians Cosmic Cash Game Introduction Money Mad Martians Cosmic Cash is an alien themed five reel slot. There are 10 pay lines and three exciting bonus rounds, shuffling reels, asteroid bonus and planet bonus. How to play Select your stake - If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Spin the reels - Click the SPIN button to start your game. There is an auto play function available that will start each spin automatically until either something occurs that requires your intervention or the number of set spins expires. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel auto play. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Shuffling Reels Bonus At the end of a losing spin there is a chance that the reels may shuffle to award a win. Asteroid Bonus The Asteroid Bonuses is triggered by landing 3 bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5. The player is then prompted to select one of these symbols which will reveal either a multiplier value or a BONUS symbol. If the player reveals a multiplier value their total stake will be multiplied by this value and the bonus ends. If the player reveals the BONUS symbol they will then be awarded 3 picks and prompted to pick an asteroid. Selecting an asteroid will reveal either a multiplier value or an alien, if an alien is chosen some of the surrounding asteroids will explode to reveal a value or another alien. The bonus ends when either all picks have been exhausted or all asteroids have been revealed. The player will then be awarded the sum of all the revealed multiplier values. Planet Bonus There is a chance that the first pick of the asteroid bonus will trigger the planet bonus. This bonus awards one of three cash values represented by planets shooting past the alien craft and viewed through the window. The planet that stops in the window indicates the value that will be awarded for this bonus. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.09%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play.