Michael Jackson King of Pop GAME RULES Michael Jackson King of Pop is a 5x3 reel game. It contains wilds, scatters, free games, and a wheel feature. BASE GAME BONUS appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Only the highest win paid per line played. Scatter pays are in addition to line pays. Line pays are multiplied by the stake per line. Scatter pays are multiplied by total bet. One or more WILD in a winning combination on an active payline is wild and substitutes for all symbols except BONUS and JACKPOT. One or more Moonwalk Wilds in a winning combination on an active payline is wild an substitutes for all symbols except BONUS and JACKPOT. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MOONWALK WILDS During any base game spin, there is a chance 2-5 random Moonwalk Wilds will appear anywhere on reels 2-5. Moonwalk Wilds substitute for all symbols except BONUS and JACKPOT. If a BONUS or JACKPOT symbol would land in a space where a Moonwalk Wild appears, it counts as both Moonwalk Wild and that symbol. One or more Moonwalk Wilds in a winning combination on an active payline doubles the pay. STACKED WILDS During any base game spin, there is a chance 2 reels will become wild. Wilds substitute for all symbols except BONUS and JACKPOT. If a BONUS or JACKPOT symbol would land in a space where a wild appears, it counts as both a wild and that symbol. WHEEL BONUS BONUS appearing on or within 1 position of centerline on reels 2, 3 and 4 initiates the Wheel Bonus. One spin of the wheel is awarded. Player can win free games, credits, or credits with an additional spin of a multiplier wheel. BEAT IT FREE GAMES Player is awarded 10 free games. During the free games, any WILD that appears on the reels remains for the remainder of the free games. BONUS and JACKPOT are not available during the Beat It Free Games. WILD appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Beat It Free Games reels differ from the base game reels. Last modification date: 5/4/2017