Merry Money Game Introduction Welcome to Merry Money, the 5 reel, 10 win line Robin Hood themed slot game. There are 3 bonus games to choose from which are offered in an exciting new format. How to play Select your stake If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 10 win lines. Spin the reels Click the SPIN button to start your game. There is an auto play function available that will start each spin automatically until either something occurs that requires your intervention or the number of set spins expires. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel auto play. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Pick Me Bonus The Pick Me Bonus is triggered by landing 3 or more target symbols anywhere in view. Select any one of the targets to reveal your prize. The Target Bonus Landing 3 or more BONUS symbols anywhere in view triggers the Target Bonus. The purpose of the Target Bonus is to determine which bonus you will be awarded. Click on Robin Hood to shoot an arrow at the target. If the arrow lands in the red segment, you will be awarded the Win Spins Bonus and if it land in the yellow segment you will be awarded the Hall of Plenty Bonus. Win Spins Bonus Before playing the win spins bonus, you must first enter the trail of win spins which determines how many spins you have. Click spin to determine how many positions you move up the path. Landing on collect awards the selected number of spins. Win spins are played using the same bet per line and number of lines as the initiating game. The awards used in the Win Spins Bonus are the same as those used in the base game. The bonus ends when either no spins remain or the maximum win level has been reached. Hall of Plenty Bonus Press SPIN to choose a door between 1 and 6 that Robin Hood will enter. Each door either contains treasure that it added to your winnings or a noisy crowd running through the castle that could wake the sleeping Sheriff. The bonus ends when the Sheriff wakes, summons his guards and chases Robin Hood out of the castle. The final award is the sum of all treasure that Robin Hood managed to steal. The theoretical average return to player is 95.09%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 1/31/2017