Monopoly Big Event Base Game WILD is substituted for all symbols except “Big Event and In Jail” Bonus symbols. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are already multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Free spins symbol scattered across reels 1, 3 & 5. Symbols on reel 5 can also be staked Big Event Scattered “Big Event” symbol across reels 1, 3 & 5 will initiate the “Big Event” game. “Big Event” symbols on 1, 3 and two stacked on reel 5 will award the “Big Event” game with house sneak preview. House sneak previw reveals the chance card positions of the three houses. “Big Event” symbols on 1, 3 and three stacked on reel 5 will award the “Big Event” game with hotel sneak preview. Hotel sneak preview reveals the chance card positions of the three hotels. Players pick community chest and chance cards alternately. Community chest and chance cards are chosen alternately. Community chest cards contain numbers of free spins and guaranteed wins. These are accumulative. Revealing 3 of the same icon will trigger the corresponding bonus with the number of free spins and guaranteed wins collected up to that point. Locking Wilds During “Locking Wilds” free spins, any wild that lands in view will lock in place for the duration of the bonus. During the “Locking Wilds” free spins, landing the “In Jail” symbol anywhere in view will eliminate the current lowest paying symbol from the award card. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Best stratergy - During sneak preview pick 2 of the revealed house symbols, then pick randomly for a symbol other than a house. Dancing Wild During “Dancing Wild” free spins, a reel will be chosen at random on each spin, to be- come wild. During the “Dancing Wild” free spins, landing the “In Jail” symbol anywhere in view will eliminate the current lowest paying symbol from the award card. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Best stratergy - During sneek preview pick 2 of the revealed hotel positions, then pick randomly for a symbol other than a hotel symbol. keep picking until 2 dice and 2 house symbols have been found. then pick a hotel symbol. Guaranteed Wins Guaranteed Wins indicate the minimum number of wins available during the bonus. The Guaranteed Wins meter is decremented for every winning spin during free spins. At the end of free spins, if any guaranteed wins remain, they will be played on a sepa- rate reel set. Each Guaranteed Win corresponds to the spin of 1 of the cash reels, the prize highlight- ed on the centre position on each active reel is awarded to the player. Guaranteed wins are awarded on the center position of each active reel. In the standard game guaranteed wins are a multiple of the total stake. In the Big Bet game guaranteed wins are always a multiple of 1.00 Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Big Bet During the 20.00 game a progressive win multiplier is applied to the wins on each spin. Starting from x1, the multiplier increments by 1 each spin up to a maximum of x5. At the start of the 30.00 game, a wheel will spin to reveal one of the following bonus features. Progressive Win Multiplier - A win multiplier is applied to the reel wins on each spin. Starting from x1, the multiplier increments by 1 each spin up to a maximum of x5. Epic Spins - A win multiplier of x5 is applied to each spin. locking & WILD Big Event - The “Big Event” bonus symbol is wild and will lock in place for the duration of the 5 spins. 3 or more symbols in view at the end of the 5 spins will trig- ger the “Big Event” bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Paylines Total bet must be divided equally between each active payline The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the stake per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/16/2018