MontysMillions Game Introduction Get your share of Monty's Millions®. This game features 40 pay lines for even more action with Stacked Wilds and Super Wilds for amazingly big wins. How to play Select your stake If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 40 win lines. If you wish to adjust this, click the LINES '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the number of lines played. Spin the reels Click the SPIN button to start your game. There is an auto play function available that will start each spin automatically until either something occurs that requires your intervention or the number of set spins expires. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel auto play. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by landing 3 bonus symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4. Free spins are played using the same bet per line and number of lines as the initiating game. The bonus reels contain even more Stacked Wilds and Bonus symbols than the main game reels offering an even greater chance of winning. You start the Free Spins Bonus with 5 free spins. You can retrigger the bonus by getting three Bonus symbols on a free spin, which award you an additional 5 free spins (up to a maximum of 255 free spins for your entire bonus). Your total bonus win is the sum of all awards won from your free spins. The theoretical average return to player is 95.02%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 1/31/2017