OMG! Kittens™ Base Game BONUS, TIGER, BUBBLES, and MR. WHISKERS randomly appear and will always land fully on the reels. TIGER, BUBBLES, and MR. WHISKERS fully stacked symbols are counted as one symbol, each during evaluations. TIGER, BUBBLES, or MR. WHISKERS on reel 5 may randomly have a multiplier of 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, or 100x, which multiplies wins with any combination of 5 TIGER, BUBBLES and/or MR. WHISKERS. BONUS only appears on reel 5. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Winning FISHCAT scatter pay combinations pay on any position on any reel. All scatter pay awards are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter pays are added to the payline wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Free Spin Bonus Any combination of TIGER, BUBBLES, and/or MR. WHISKERS on reels 1-4, with BONUS on reel 5, trigger the OMG! Free Spins Bonus and award a minimum of 5 free spins. TIGER, BUBBLES, and MR. WHISKERS fully stacked symbols are counted as one symbol, each during evaluations. 4 MR. WHISKERS appearing will award 400x bet per line. 3 MR. WHISKERS appearing will award 200x bet per line. 2 MR. WHISKERS appearing will award 100x bet per line. 1 MR. WHISKERS appearing will award 50x bet per line. 4 TIGER appearing will award a 10x multiplier to all pays in the Free Spin Bonus. 3 TIGER appearing will award a 5x multiplier to all pays in the Free Spin Bonus. 2 TIGER appearing will award a 3x multiplier to all pays in the Free Spin Bonus. 1 TIGER appearing will award a 2x multiplier to all pays in the Free Spin Bonus. 4 BUBBLES appearing will award 45 additional free spins. 3 BUBBLES appearing will award 20 additional free spins. 2 BUBBLES appearing will award 10 additional free spins. 1 BUBBLES appearing will award 5 additional free spins. Multiplier value, free spins, and bonus pay awards are based on the number of TIGER, BUBBLES, and MR. WHISKERS appearing on the triggering spin. Free Spins Bonus triggering scatter pay amounts are identical to TIGER, BUBBLES, and MR. WHISKERS base game scatter pays. During the free spins, each scattered MR. WHISKERS may award bonus pay awards. Bonus pay awards are already multiplied by the bet per line. All pays are multiplied by the TIGER multiplier value, except any bonus pay awards. MR. WHISKERS on reel 5 with a 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x multiplier, multiplies the bonus pay award for that one symbol. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. BONUS and the 100x multiplier do not appear in the OMG! Free Spins Bonus. Winning combinations and pays are identical to the base game. All scatter pay awards are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter pays are added to the payline wins. Bonus Guarantee Free spin Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x total bet. Any bonus ending with less than 10x total bet is automatically increased to 10x total bet at the end of the bonus. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. Quikset Panel Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/16/2018