Paradise Suite Base Game Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. HOW TO PLAY To play with the maximum bet, click the “Max Bet” button. Then the highest bet is chosen and all the lines are selected and the game starts automatically. To choose the number of lines you wish to play, click the minus or plus button below the “Lines” text. Select the bet by clicking the minus or plus button below the “Bet per line” text. Click the “Play” button to start the game. If any of the symbol combinations on the played lines correspond to a combination in the paytable, you win the corresponding amount. When you win, the lines you’ve won on are highlighted as well as the amount that it pays in the paytable. Please note that all symbol combinations are counted from the left to the right. All winning symbol combinations must start with the leftmost box. At the end of a game, all winnings are added together and displayed in the WIN field. Hotel Feature Game Two or more ROOM KEY anywhere on a played line activates the Hotel Feature. Choose one of five rooms keys, and maybe you’ll unlock the Grand Paradise Suite! A maximum of one feature can be gained per game. Room Award: 4 - 64 times the bet per line. Room awards are also multiplied by the number of played lines that trigger the feature. Surfing Feature Game Three or more SURF BOARD anywhere on a played line activates the Surfing Feature. Choose one of the five Surf Boards, then it’s time show what you’re made of. You perform a trick, which either succeeds or fails. You can do up to six tricks. If you fail and fall, you will lose all your winnings and only receive a small consolation prize. A maximum of one feature game can be gained per game. Surfboard Award: 10 - 80 times the bet per line. Surfboard awards are also multiplied by the number of played lines that trigger the feature. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.