Raging Rhino Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. WILD appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. FEATURE scattered pays in any position. Only highest win paid per winning combination. All of the Any Way pays are already multiplied by the bet multiplier. All scatter pay awards have already been multiplied by the Total Bet. All scatter pays are added to the total win. Any Way pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, excluding scatter pays. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Free Spin Feature 3, 4, 5, or 6 scattered FEATURE award 8, 15, 20, or 50 free spins respectively. During the Free Spins Feature 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 scattered FEATURE will award 5, 8, 15, 20, or 50 additional free spins. During the Free Spins Feature each WILD that appears in a winning combination on reels 2, 3, 4, and/or 5 will transform into WILD 2x or 3x. WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. During the Free Spins Feature WILD appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During the Free Spins Feature the bet multiplier and the number of ways selected remains the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. Cycle results multiplier is the sum of each reel’s like symbols, or their substitute, multiplied together. For an example of how the wild multipliers work, please see COMBO SAMPLE above. In COMBO SAMPLE, winning combination X 32 = Total Win. Quikset Panel Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The bet multiplier will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Bonus Guarantee When max ways are played, the Free Spins Feature is guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x total bet. Any feature ending with less than 10x total bet is automatically increased to 10x total bet at the end of the feature. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. Any Way Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel, excluding scatter pays. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. 4096 Ways pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. 4096 Ways pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, excluding scatter pays. Total Bet is the cash associated with Ways selected multiplied by the bet multiplier. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/16/2018