Reel em In Reel 'Em In! Big Bass Bucks Base Game WILD LURE FISHING CONTEST LURE BIG BASS HOLE LURE BIG BASS WILD is wild for all symbols except LURE, BIG BASS HOLE LURE, FISHING CONTEST LURE and BIG BASS Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Symbols FISHING CONTEST LURE, BIG BASS HOLE LURE, and BIG BASS only appear on the 5th reel. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on any reels. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. All scatter pay monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total bet. Fly Fishin' Feature FLY The Fly Fishin’ Feature is triggered when the FLY appears above the 5th reel and the BIG BASS is scattered on the 5th reel. The Fly Fishin’ Feature awards: 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, or 10x the total bet. All monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total bet. Fishing Hole Feature 3 or more scattered LURE without FISHING CONTEST LURE or BIG BASS HOLE LURE present on the 5th reel trigger the Fishing Hole Feature. To begin, select a character which will reveal a number of casts or picks. Select a region in the water, which are divided by the lines of bubbles. The character casts bait into the selected vertical area of the screen. Each cast results in catching a Fish, a Lazy Fish, a Boot, a Treasure Chest, or the Big Bass. If a Fish or Lazy Fish is caught, it is revealed and monetary awards are awarded. If a Boot is caught, a monetary award or monetary award and extra casts are awarded. If a Treasure Chest is caught, pick a coin. Monetary awards are awarded, or either the Big Bass Fishing Hole Feature or Fishing Contest Feature is triggered. If a Big Bass appears on screen, either the Big Bass Fishing Hole Feature or Fishing Contest Feature is triggered. The player receives additional casts when he triggers the Big Bass Fishing Hole Feature from the Fishing Hole Feature. The feature continues until no casts remain. 3 or more scattered LURE trigger the Fishing Hole Feature. When triggered by 3 scattered LURE, the following pay schedule applies: Initial Casts: 2 – 4 Fish Awards: 1x – 10x the total bet Lazy Fish Awards: 11x – 13x the total bet Boot Awards: 2x – 4x the total bet, 0 – 3 Extra Casts. There is a maximum of 5 Extra Casts in one feature game. The 6th and subsequent Worms are worth 5x the total bet. Treasure Chest Awards: 3x – 8x the total bet, or can take the player to either the Fishing Contest or Big Bass Fishing Hole. Big Bass Fish Awards: The Big Bass Fish will take the player to either the Fishing Contest or Big Bass Fishing Hole. When triggered by 4 scattered LURE, the following pay schedule applies: Initial Casts: 2 – 5 Fish Awards: 2x – 11x the total bet Lazy Fish Awards: 12x – 15x the total bet Boot Awards: 4x – 8x the total bet, 0 – 3 Extra Casts. There is a maximum of 5 Extra Casts in one feature game. The 6th and subsequent Worms are worth 5x the total bet. Treasure Chest Awards: 4x – 9x the total bet, or can take the player to either the Fishing Contest or Big Bass Fishing Hole. Big Bass Fish Awards: The Big Bass Fish will take the player to either the Fishing Contest or Big Bass Fishing Hole. When triggered by 5 scattered LURE, the following pay schedule applies: Initial Casts: 3 – 5 Fish Awards: 5x – 20x the total bet Lazy Fish Awards: 22x – 27x the total bet Boot Awards: 6x – 12x the total bet, 0 – 3 Extra Casts. There is a maximum of 5 Extra Casts in one feature game. The 6th and subsequent worms are worth 20x the total bet. Treasure Chest Awards: 7x – 10x the total bet, or can take the player to either the Fishing Contest or Big Bass Fishing Hole. Big Bass Fish Awards: The Big Bass Fish will take the player to either the Fishing Contest or Big Bass Fishing Hole. All monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total bet. Fishing Contest Feature The Fishing Contest Feature is triggered by 2 or more scattered LURE and a scattered FISHING CONTEST LURE on the 5th reel, or from within the Fishing Hole Feature. Choose a character who awards five casts. Receive monetary awards for all fish caught by that character. Receive an additional award for the contest finishing place. If triggered from within the Fishing Hole Feature, the cast that triggered the Fishing Contest Feature is used in the Fishing Contest. If there are casts remaining, return to the Fishing Hole Feature and continue fishing. The characters receive the benefit of any tie scores. If two or more characters tie, they are all awarded the highest possible place that has not been awarded to a higher finisher. Additionally, any characters that finish behind any ties have their places moved up to keep place awards in sequential order. For example, if there is one character in first and a three-way tie for second, the three characters that tie for second are all awarded second place, and the one character that finishes behind the three-way tie for second is awarded third place. If triggered from the reels the following paytable applies. Contest Finish Place Award With: LURE LURE FISHING CONTEST LURE Fish Awards: 1x – 10x the total bet 1st: 20x the total bet 2nd: 15x the total bet 3rd: 12x the total bet 4th: 10x the total bet 5th: 5x the total bet. Contest Finish Place Award With: LURE LURE LURE FISHING CONTEST LURE Fish Awards: 3x – 12x the total bet 1st: 30x the total bet 2nd: 20x the total bet 3rd: 15x the total bet 4th: 10x the total bet 5th: 5x the total bet. Contest Finish Place Award With: LURE LURE LURE LURE FISHING CONTEST LURE Fish Awards: 5x – 20x the total bet, 1st: 50x the total bet 2nd: 30x the total bet 3rd: 20x the total bet 4th: 10x the total bet 5th: 5x the total bet. If triggered from within the Fishing Hole Feature the following paytable applies. Contest Finish Place Award With: LURE LURE LURE Fish Awards: 1x – 10x the total bet 1st: 10x the total bet 2nd: 7x the total bet 3rd: 5x the total bet 4th: 4x the total bet 5th: 3x the total bet. Contest Finish Place Award With: LURE LURE LURE LURE Fish Awards: 3x – 12x the total bet 1st: 30x the total bet 2nd: 20x the total bet 3rd: 15x the total bet 4th: 10x the total bet 5th: 5x the total bet. Contest Finish Place Award With: LURE LURE LURE LURE LURE Fish Awards: 5x – 20x the total bet 1st: 50x the total bet 2nd: 30x the total bet 3rd: 20x the total bet 4th: 10x the total bet 5th: 5x the total bet. All monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total bet. Big Bass Fishing Hole Feature The Big Bass Fishing Hole Feature is triggered by 2 or more scattered LURE and a scattered BIG BASS HOLE LURE on the 5th reel, or from within the Fishing Hole Feature. To begin, select a character which will reveal a number of casts or picks. When triggered from within the Fishing Hole Feature, the previously chosen character is used. Select a button or its corresponding region in the water, which are divided by the lines of bubbles. The character casts bait into the selected vertical area of the screen. Each cast results in catching a Big Bass which awards a monetary value. The feature continues until no casts remain. When triggered by 2 scattered LURE and a scattered BIG BASS HOLE LURE on the 5th reel, the following paytable applies: Initial Casts: 2 – 4, Fish Awards: 14x – 27x the total bet When triggered by 3 scattered LURE and a scattered BIG BASS HOLE LURE on the 5th reel, the following paytable applies: Initial Casts: 2 – 5, Fish Awards: 18x – 35x the total bet When triggered by 4 scattered LURE and a scattered BIG BASS HOLE LURE on the 5th reel, the following paytable applies: Initial Casts: 3 – 5, Fish Awards: 29x – 55x the total bet If the Big Bass Fishing Hole Feature was triggered from the Fishing Hole Feature, the number of LURE symbols used to trigger the initial Fishing Hole Feature determines which Big Bass Fishing Hole paytable is used. All monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total bet. PAYLINES Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/16/2018