Rainforest Dream RAINFOREST DREAM™ Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except BONUS. PRINCESS only appears on reel 1. PRINCESS is wild for all symbols except BONUS. BONUS only appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Princess Feature If PRINCESS lands flush on reel 1, it will transfer to up to two additional reels. Any reels that PRINCESS is occupying are wild for all symbols except BONUS. All winning combinations are evaluated after PRINCESS transfers. The Free Spin Bonus cannot be triggered during the Princess feature. Monsoon Feature The Monsoon Feature can be randomly triggered on any spin. Spins in which the Monsoon Feature is active use a different set of reels. The Free Spin Bonus cannot be triggered during the Monsoon Feature. During the Monsoon Feature, a number of WILD will be added to the reel array randomly. WILD is wild for all symbols. The Princess Feature cannot be triggered during the Monsoon Feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. Free Spin Bonus 3 scattered BONUS on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Free Spin Bonus and award 8 free spins. During the Free Spin Bonus, the player is guaranteed a win on each free spin. If there is no win on a particular spin, the reels will respin until a win is formed. After a win is formed, the free spin counter will decrement. The bonus will continue in this fashion until all free spins have resulted in wins and the counter has decremented to zero. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. WILD is wild for all symbols. During Free Spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line remains the same as the spin that triggered the Bonus. If a WILD lands during respin, it will be held only until the respin results in a win. Princess Feature cannot be triggered during the Free Spin Bonus. Monsoon Feature cannot be triggered during the Free Spin Bonus. Big Bet Press BIG BET to make a Big Bet wager. 5 Big Bet spins, played back-to-back, can be purchased for a selected amount. Winning combinations are the same as non-Big Bet spins. One complete game consists of 5 Big Bet spins. During Big Bet, the Monsoon Feature can be randomly triggered on any spin. If this happens WILD may hold in place for remaining Big Bet spins. During Big Bet, if PRINCESS lands flush on reel 1, then the Princess Feature will trigger. 3 scattered BONUS appearing on reels 1, 3, and 5 during Big Bet trigger the Free Spin Bonus and award 10 free spins. During Free Spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each active payline. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.