Roman Chariots™ Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except SPIN, SPIN 2X, SPIN 3X, SPIN 5X, RESET, and BONUS. WILD appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 of the Main Reel Set. Only highest winner paid per winning combination within each reel set. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All line pays on the Main Reel Set are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Supercharged Reels Supercharged reels (REEL SET A, REEL SET B, REEL SET C) appear above the Main Reel Set. WILD appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 of the Main Reel Set. Supercharged Reel set A contains a full reel of WILD on reel 2. Supercharged Reel set B contains a full reel of WILD on reel 3. Supercharged Reel set C contains a full reel of WILD on reel 4. A full reel of WILD on reel 2 of the Main Reel Set charges up Supercharged Reel Set A. A full reel of WILD on reel 3 of the Main Reel Set charges up Supercharged Reel Set B. A full reel of WILD on reel 4 of the Main Reel Set charges up Supercharged Reel Set C. When charged, each Supercharged Reel Set multiplier is increased by the value of the bet multiplier from that triggering spin. SPIN only appears on reel 5 of the Main Reel Set. SPIN, in any position on reel 5 of the Main Reel Set, awards one free spin on all charged Supercharged Reel Sets. SPIN may reveal a multiplier after landing on reel 5 of the Main Reel Set. SPIN 2X multiplies all charged Supercharged Reel Set multipliers by 2 for that free spin. SPIN 3X multiplies all charged Supercharged Reel Set multipliers by 3 for that free spin. SPIN 5X multiplies all charged Supercharged Reel Set multipliers by 5 for that free spin. RESET only appears on reel 5 of the Main Reel Set. RESET, in any position on reel 5, pays 5X total bet, and resets all charged Supercharged Reel Sets by removing the Supercharged Reel Set multiplier. Full reels of WILD on reels 2, 3, or 4 of the Main Reel Set, with RESET on reel 5, do not charge up the Supercharged Reel Sets. Only highest winner paid per winning combination within each reel set. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Winning combinations for Supercharged Reels are identical to the Main Reel Set. Each Supercharged Reel Set uses an alternate set of reels. SPIN, SPIN 2X, SPIN 3X, SPIN 5X, RESET, and BONUS do not appear on the Supercharged Reel Sets. All line pays on the Supercharged Reel Sets are multiplied by ONLY the multiplier associated with the respective Supercharged Reel Set. WILD is wild for all symbols except SPIN, SPIN 2X, SPIN 3X, SPIN 5X, RESET, and BONUS. Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Free Spin Bonus 2 scattered BONUS on reels 1 and 5 of the Main Reel Set award 8 free spins and 2x total bet. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used for the Main Reel Set. During the free spins, WILD is wild for all symbols except SPIN, SPIN 2X, SPIN 3X, SPIN 5X, and BONUS. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game, except RESET does not appear on the Main Reels. The bet multiplier remains the same as the spin that triggered the bonus. BONUS only appears on reels 1 and 5 of the Main Reel Set. All scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination within each reel set. During free spins, 2 scattered BONUS on reels 1 and 5 of the Main Reel Set add 8 additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining and 2X total bet. Quikset Panel Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the bet multiplier plus the feature bet. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.