Rainbow Riches Base Game WILD ROAD TO RICHES WISHING WELL POTS OF GOLD WILD is wild for all symbols except ROAD TO RICHES, WISHING WELL, and POTS OF GOLD. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. POTS OF GOLD only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. Road To Riches Feature 3 or more scattered ROAD TO RICHES trigger the Road To Riches Feature. Press SPIN button to spin the wheel and decide the number of steps up the cash path. Wheel stops at any one of the following 7 positions   1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, COLLECT. No win is received if the player lands on COLLECT on the first spin. Continue spinning and progressing until the wheel lands on a collect position or the top prize is reached. The total prize will be the final position achieved multiplied by the total bet. During the Road To Riches Feature the bet per line and the number of active paylines remains the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. Road To Riches Awards: 1x - 500x the total bet. Wishing Well Feature 3 or more scattered WISHING WELL trigger the Wishing Well Feature. Select a wishing well by clicking on it. The player will be awarded the value indicated on the selected well multiplied by the total bet During the Wishing Well Feature the bet per line and the number of active paylines remains the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. Wishing Well Awards: 2x - 500x the total bet. Pots of Gold Feature 3 scattered POTS OF GOLD trigger the Pots of Gold Feature. Gold, silver, and bronze pots spin around the screen. When they come to a halt, the arrow will point to one pot. The value of the selected pot is multiplied by the total bet. During the Pots of Gold Feature the bet per line and the number of active paylines remains the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. Pots of Gold Awards:50x - 500x the total bet. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/12/2017