STAR TREK™ Explore New Worlds™ Star Trek: Explore New Worlds Base Game WILD substitutes for all symbols except FEATURE Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Feature Description 3 or more scattered FEATURE trigger the Beam Me Up Feature Triggering the Beam Me Up Feature awards one MEDAL. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on the reels. All scatter pay awards have already been multiplied by the total line bet. Beam Me Up Feature First, select 1 of the 5 crewmembers to win a monetary award of 1x - 5x times the total line bet. Next, select planet objects to reveal a monetary award, PICK CREWMATE, or ALIEN. Any object that reveals a monetary award pays 1x - 4x times the total line bet plus the total value of the selected crewmembers. If PICK CREWMATE is revealed, select another crewmember to win a monetary award or 1x - 5x times the total line bet. The total value of the selected crewmembers is then awarded. The picking continues until ALIEN is revealed, ending the feature. If an ALIEN is revealed within the first 3 object picks, a second chance pick offered. If a BLASTER is revealed, the feature continues from where it left off. If a COLLECT is revealed, the feature ends. The second chance feature is only available one time per feature round. A MEDAL is awarded for revealing PICK CREWMATE or BLASTER. All awards in the Beam Me Up Feature have already been multiplied by the total line bet. Win Warp Description The win warp bet is an additional forced wager of 10 times the bet per line amount. The win warp feature may occur at the end of a winning spin that does not trigger a FEATURE winning combination. The win warp awards one of 4 random features and then all pays are re-evaluated. Rock Creature Multiplying Wild The Rock Creature appears and leaves behind a multiplying wild in a random position on one of the reels. The multiplier ranges from 3x - 10x. ROCK WILD substitutes for all symbols except FEATURE. Scotty's Wild Reel Scotty appears and fills 1 or 2 of the reels entirely with SCOTTY WILD. SCOTTY WILD substitutes for all symbols except FEATURE. Spock Multiplier Spock appears and multiplies the win from 3x - 10x. Enterprise Fly-By After the Enterprise flies by, the symbols in all the winning combinations change into one of the following symbols: KIRK, SPOCK, MCCOY, WILD, FEATURE, or INSIGNIA. Star Trek Medals !{Star Trek} medals are used to unlock future episodes. The amount of medals needed to unlock the next episode as well as the player's current medal count is displayed above the reels. Medals are saved automatically to the player's account when they are awarded. Logging off or closing the browser window will not delete or remove the accumulated medals. One MEDAL is awarded each time the Feature is triggered. Also, additional medals may be won during each Feature. See individual feature description for more medal information. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line plus the feature bet. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. TM & © 2010 CBS STUDIOS INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. STAR TREK AND RELATED MARKS ARE TRADEMARKS OF CBS STUDIOS INC.