Super Jackpot Party Base Game WILD FEATURE 1 FEATURE 2 MIXED WILD matches all symbols except FEATURE 1 and FEATURE 2. WILD appears on reels 2-5. MIXED is a standard line pay using a variety of the symbols: JACKPOT 7, GREEN 7 and PURPLE 7. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Party Feature Scattered FEATURE 1 symbol, FEATURE 1 symbol, and FEATURE 2 symbol on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Party Feature. Pick presents to reveal monetary awards, special features, or Party Poopers. When a Party Pooper is revealed, it ends the party and you are taken to the Party Favor round. Present awards range from 1x-20x the total bet. All awards in the feature have already been multiplied by the total bet. When picking presents, three types of special Party Animal Features may be revealed: Multiplier Feature, Dance Feature, or Whack-a-Pooper Feature. Party Favor Choose a party favor to reveal an additional monetary award. If the party favor reveals a PARTY SAVER, the Party Feature keeps going from where it left off. Party Favor awards range between 1x-2x the total bet or awards a Party Saver. All awards in the feature have already been multiplied by the total bet. Dance Feature During the Dance Feature, the feature meter increases as long as the Party Animal continues to dance. Dance Feature awards 8x-57x the total bet. All awards in the feature have already been multiplied by the total bet. Multiplier Feature The Multiplier Feature multiplies the value of awards for the next 1-3 presents. During the Multiplier Feature, Party Poopers cannot end the party and do not count towards the number of picks. If a Multiplier Feature is revealed within another Multiplier Feature it does not count as a multiplier pick, but is instead played at the conclusion of the first Multiplier Feature. Multiplier Feature awards between 1-3 picks where all awards are multiplied. Possible awards include: 1 pick at 3x, 2 picks at 3x, 3 picks at 3x, 1 pick at 5x, or 1 pick at 10x. If triggered, the Multiplier Feature will also multiply the win from either the Dance Feature or Whack-a-Pooper Feature. Whack-a-Pooper Feature The Whack-a-Pooper Feature initially awards 3 rounds. For each round, choose one of three poopers whose heads are sticking up from the holes to reveal a bonus prize. One additional round is awarded for each extra pick revealed. Each round awards between 2x-5x the total bet. The feature awards a maximum of 20 rounds. All awards in the feature have already been multiplied by the total bet. Surprise Party A Surprise Party can occur randomly on any spin that does not contain a FEATURE 1 symbol or FEATURE 2 symbol. The screen goes dark, and then the lights come on to start the Party Feature. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/16/2018