Star Trek Episode 3 - The Trouble With Tribbles Game Rules Base Game WILD substitutes for all symbols except FEATURE. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Feature Description 3 or more scattered FEATURE trigger the "TRIBBLE PINBALL FEATURE". Triggering the TRIBBLE PINBALL Feature will award one medal. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on the reels. All scatter pay awards have already been multiplied by the total line bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. TRIBBLE PINBALL Feature The TRIBBLE PINBALL Feature shoots Tribbles into a playfield. The Tribbles bounce around and fall into one of the tubes at the bottom, determining the monetary award for each Tribble. Monetary awards in the tubes have already been multiplied by the total line bet. When a tube is filled, no more Tribbles may enter that tube. If a Tribble lands in the 2x cup in the playfield, all values are doubled for that Tribble, including the Door Feature. If a Tribble lands in the Extra Tribble cup, it stays there until the COLLECT tube is filled. At that point, it changes into 2-3 more Tribbles which are released individually and fall into one of the tubes at the bottom. The TRIBBLE PINBALL Feature keeps going until 3 Tribbles fall into the COLLECT tube or all scoring tubes are full. If the first 3 Tribbles land in the COLLECT tube, an award of 30x, 40x, or 60x times total line bet will be given. All Awards in the TRIBBLE PINBALL Feature have already been multiplied by the total line bet. A Star Trek Medal is awarded for landing a Tribble in the 2x cup, the Extra Tribbles cup, or revealing a crew member in the DOOR Feature. Door Feature Filling the DOOR Feature tube triggers the DOOR Feature. Three Initial picks are awarded in the DOOR Feature. If Tribbles are revealed, a monetary value of 1x - 25x times the total line bet is awarded. If a crew member is revealed, 1 - 3 extra picks are awarded. If 1 extra pick is awarded, a monetary value of 5x - 10x times the total line bet will also be awarded. When the DOOR Feature is finished, the TRIBBLE PINBALL Feature resumes. Win Warp Description The win warp bet is an additional forced wager of 10 times the bet per line amount. The win warp feature may occur at the end of a winning spin that does not trigger a FEATURE. The win warp awards one of 4 random features and then all pays are re-evaluated. Kirks Gone Wild - A green alien woman dances over the reels turning all KIRK symbols into KIRK WILD. KIRK WILD substitutes for all symbols except FEATURE. Scotty's Wild Reel - Scotty appears and fills 1 or 2 of the reels entirely with WILD. Spock Multiplier - Spock appears and multiplies the win for 3x - 10x. Enterprise Fly-By - After the Enterprise flies by, the symbols in all the winning combinations change into one of the following symbols: INSIGNIA, WILD, SPOCK, KIRK, UHURA or FEATURE. WILD substitutes for all symbols except FEATURE. Star Trek Medals Medals are saved automatically to the player's account when they are awarded. Logging off or closing the browser window will not delete or remove the accumulated medals. One MEDAL is awarded each time the feature is triggered. Also, additional medals may be won during each feature. See individual feature description for more medal information. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line plus the feature bet. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. TM & © 2010 CBS STUDIOS INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. STAR TREK AND RELATED MARKS ARE TRADEMARKS OF CBS STUDIOS INC.