Sea of Tranquility™ Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols, except BONUS, and expands to fill the entire reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Close Enough All wagers activate the CLOSE ENOUGH AREA. No payout from CLOSE ENOUGH AREA except for BONUS and WILD. If WILD appears within the CLOSE ENOUGH AREA, it will expand to fill the entire reel. If BONUS appears within the CLOSE ENOUGH AREA, it is considered a scattered symbol on that reel and will count towards any potential bonus triggering. Free Spin Bonus 2 or more scattered BONUS on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel triggers the Free Spin Bonus. 5 scattered BONUS awards 50 free spins + 25x Total Bet. 4 scattered BONUS awards 20 free spins + 10x Total Bet. 3 scattered BONUS awards 10 free spins + 5x Total Bet. 2 scattered BONUS awards 7 free spins + 2x Total Bet. During free spins LADY, SHIP, and OWL substitute for each other. The Close Enough area is active during the free spins. The bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the bonus. All scatter pays are already multiplied by the total bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. During the free spins, 2 or more scattered BONUS on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel add additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining. Bonus Guarantee The Free Spins Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 5x total bet. Any bonus ending with less than 5x total bet is automatically increased to 5x total bet at the end of the bonus. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. Quikset Panel Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.