Soldier of Rome How to Play Game Introduction Soldier of Rome™ is a slot game set in the Roman era that features Expanding Wilds, a Free Spins Feature Game and an epic Money Burst™ Bonus with Lightning Spins! Big Bet options are available in this game, with greater bet levels providing greater chances of winning! Land a Wild symbol in full view to expand the Wild across the entire reel. This will open up the Mighty Reels, revealing 50 extra win lines! Land 3 or more scattered or symbols to trigger the Free Spins Feature Game! Additional Free Spins can be triggered if 3 or more scattered or symbols land during this feature! Match 4 symbols in the Money Burst™ Reels to be awarded the Lightning Spins Bonus! The bonus will open up the Mighty Reels, and extra symbols will be added to the Mighty Reels! The game has 7 reels in total There are 4 Money Burst™ Reels which have 1 row each. There are 3 Mighty Reels which have 5 standard rows, and 5 additional rows that can be unlocked during the game. Bets Selecting your bet: To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons (desktop) or slide the betting options (mobile) to increase or decrease the Total Bet. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest scatter win is paid per game play. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click STOP AUTOPLAY to cancel the autoplay. Autoplay is stopped when a bonus event occurs. Big Bet There are three Big Bet options available in this game. You may choose to bet 20.00, 30.00 or 50.00 per game. Increasing the bet offers extra in game bonuses, as shown below. Big Bet Option Advantages 50.00 Mighty Reels are always active with 100 win lines available.Also includes the advantages from the 20.00 and 30.00 Big Bet options. 30.00 All lower suit symbols will be removed. Also includes the advantage from the 20.00 Big Bet option. 20.00 Wild symbols partially in view will activate the Mighty Reels and expand to fill the whole reel. Select a bet and click accept to begin or click ‘cancel’ to return to the main game. Each Big Bet game consists of 5 spins. Each spin operates using 7 reels with 50 independent win lines. It is possible to trigger the Free Spins Feature during every Big Bet game. All wins are accumulative during the Big Bet game and are paid at the end of the last spin. The payouts for Big Bet can be found in the in-game paytable. Symbols Standard Symbols The following symbols are present in Soldier of Rome™ and their payouts are displayed in the in-game paytable. Special Symbols: , , , and are also present in Soldier of Rome™ and have special characteristics: is present on the 3 Mighty Reels and covers 3 standard symbols. It is WILD for all symbols, except & . and are present on the 3 Mighty Reels only. , are replaced by , during free spins. is present on the 4 Money Burst™ Reels only. It substitutes for all symbols including , and acts as both and . , , and are scatter symbols. Features Free Spins Feature Game Land three or more scattered or to trigger the Free Spins Feature. Land scattered or during the Free Spins Feature to win additional free spins. Landing three of these symbols will award an additional 10 free spins, with each additional symbol after these initial three symbols awarding an extra 5 free spins each. The maximum number of free spins that can be awarded is 25. The Free Spins are played automatically. The Free Spins Bonus ends when no free spins remain or the maximum prize has been reached. During Free Spins, land a partially in view to open the Mighty Reels. The total bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Spins. Money Burst™ / Lightning Spins Match 4 symbols in the Money Burst™ Reels to start the Lightning Spins. The Money Burst™ Reels are the 4 reels on the left-hand side of the game. During Lightning Spins, numerous symbols that match the 4 symbols in the Money Burst™ Reels will be added to the Mighty Reels. The Mighty Reels are always active during this bonus feature. The Lightning Spins are played automatically. Expanding Wilds The symbol is three positions high and will expand to fill the whole reel if it lands in full view during the base game. During the Free Spins and in Big Bet games, Wild symbols can land in partial view and will expand to fill the whole reel. Win Lines The game contains 50 win lines in the base game and 100 win lines when the Mighty Reels are active. All line configurations are shown on the paylines page of the paytable. These can be viewed by pressing the “?” button. DISCLAIMER The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The RTP of the game is 96%. Last modification date: 9/10/2018