Sword Of Destiny BASE GAME WILD is wild for all symbols appearing in the base game except XZONE and BONUS. XZONE only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. BASE GAME FEATURES On any base game spin, one of the following 4 features may be triggered. The screen will expand, adding 2 more rows and 25 extra pay lines for that spin. Clumped Wilds: 1-3 reels will be filled with CLUMPED WILD. CLUMPED WILD is wild for WILD. Random Wilds: 4-9 positions are covered by WILD. Picture Wilds: 4-10 adjacent positions are covered by WILD. Symbols Upgraded: 2 or more of these symbols: FLASK, GLOVE, NECKLACE, SCROLL, will all be replaced with one of these symbols: SWORD MAN, SWORD LADY, CASTLE. Base game features are not available on a spin that triggers the Free Games Bonus or the Temple Tower Jackpot Feature. FREE GAMES BONUS 3 scattered XZONE trigger the Free Games Bonus and award 8 free games and 2x total bet. During the Free Games Bonus, every scattered XZONE awards 1 additional free spin. Each free game, a multiplier of 2-10x is applied to each winning combination. Winning combinations may have different multipliers. Multipliers are displayed above the reels. Multipliers may change after winning spins. Multipliers are only applied to line pays. During the Free Games Bonus, 3 scattered XZONE does not award 8 free games and does not award 2x total bet. Pays displayed above the reels have already been multiplied by the awarded multiplier and the bet multiplier. An alternate set of reels is used in the Free Games Bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game, except BONUS does not appear on the reels and WILD does not appear on reel 1. TEMPLE TOWER JACKPOT FEATURE On any wagered spin, BONUS may appear on reels 1, 3, or 5. 3 scattered BONUS trigger the Temple Tower Jackpot Feature. A ladder with 16 steps appears onscreen. The ladder contains cash prizes and the three jackpots. 20 COIN are displayed in 4 sets of 5, and 3 picks are awarded. Each pick awards 1-6 steps up the ladder. Once all picks have been made, the prize corresponding to the highest step reached is awarded. All values displayed in the Temple Tower Jackpot Feature are awarded as shown. The Temple Tower Jackpot Feature is not available on a spin that triggers the Free Games Bonus. PAYLINES All lines are active at all stake levels. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250.000,00 €. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. RETURN TO PLAYER = 95,94% Game Client Version: 0.0.53 Only active paylines can register wins. Last modification date: 12/29/2021