Star Trek Red Alert Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Feature Description 3 or more scattered FEATURE trigger the Red Alert Feature. Triggering the Red Alert Feature will award one MEDAL. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on the reels. All scatter pay monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total line bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. All line pay monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total line bet. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Red Alert Feature Description WILD substitutes for all symbols except SHIELDS 100%. The Feature awards an unlimited number of spins. Every winning spin "blasts away" one of the multipliers, multiplying the win by 2x - 15x. The Feature initially starts with 5 shields. Each spin that does not result in a winning combination removes one shield. When no more shields remain, the player selects between 2 "communication channels". If "Spin Till You Win" is revealed, the reels spin until a winning combination is formed. If "Shields to Full" is revealed, the shields are recharged back to 100% and the Feature continues where it left off. If "No Extra Spin" is revealed, the Feature ends. During any spin, 3 or more scattered SHIELDS 100% reset the shields back to 5. The 15x multiplier always remains on the screen even after it is "blasted". A MEDAL is awarded each time the 15x multiplier is hit. Win Warp Description The win warp bet is an additional forced wager of 10 times the bet per line amount. The win warp feature may occur at the end of a winning spin that does not trigger a FEATURE winning combination. The win warp awards one of 4 random features and then all pays are re-evaluated. Rock Creature Multiplying Wild The Rock Creature appears and leaves behind a multiplying wild in a random position on one of the reels. The multiplier ranges from 3x - 10x. ROCK WILD substitutes for all symbols except FEATURE. Scotty's Wild Reel Scotty appears and fills 1 or 2 of the reels entirely with SCOTTY WILD. SCOTTY WILD substitutes for all symbols except FEATURE. Spock Multiplier Spock appears and multiplies the win from 3x - 10x. Enterprise Fly-By After the Enterprise flies by, the symbols in all the winning combinations change into one of the following symbols: KIRK, SPOCK, MCCOY, WILD, FEATURE, or INSIGNIA. Star Trek Medals Star Trek medals are used to unlock future episodes. The amount of medals needed to unlock the next episode as well as the player's current medal count is displayed above the reels. Medals are saved automatically to the player's account when they are awarded. Logging off or closing the browser window will not delete or remove the accumulated medals. One MEDAL is awarded each time the feature is triggered. Also, additional medals may be won during each feature. See individual feature description for more medal information. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line plus the feature bet. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. TM & © 2010 CBS STUDIOS INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. STAR TREK AND RELATED MARKS ARE TRADEMARKS OF CBS STUDIOS INC.