Tetris Super Jackpots How To Play SPIN STOP AUTOPLAY Use the '+' and '-' buttons to select your bet value. Press the SPIN button to initiate a game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel AUTOPLAY. Autoplay is stopped when a Bonus event occurs. Base Game BONUS REELS Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All way pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Tetrimino Feature On any spin, the Tetrimino Feature may activate. If the Tetrimino Feature is activated, 1 or 2 Tetriminos will be randomly placed on or above reels. Each Tetrimino placed on or above the reels will appear as one of the following: TETRIMINO PIECES Tetriminos may appear as a rotated version of the symbol. All positions covered by the Tetriminos will be randomly replaced with: TETRIMINO SYMBOLS During the Base game, if the BONUS symbol is covered by a Tetrimino, that symbol is still counted towards any potential bonus trigger. For each reel, any position above the reel that is covered by a Tetrimino will constitute an additional row for that reel. The maximum number of rows that can be added to a reel is 4. The Bonus symbol is not evaluated on additional rows. Free Game Bonus 3 scattered BONUS symbols appearing on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Free Games bonus. During the Free Games bonus, the reel array will expand in size to contain 5 reels and 8 rows. During the Free Games bonus, any spin that contains a winning combination will generate a Tetrimino Watermark. The Watermark will appear as one of the following: TETRIMINO PIECES Watermarks generated will then fall to the bottom of the array. If a Watermark's descent is impeded by another Watermark, it will fall to rest on top of the impeding watermark. The Free Games bonus will continue until a Watermark clears through the top of the array. If an entire row is covered by two or more Watermarks, those Watermarked spaces within that row will clear and award the player a cash value. Once a row has cleared, the player will be awarded with a cash award of 20x the total stake. Additionally, any Watermarks above will cascade down to the farthest open position within the reels. If more than one row clears in a single spin, the cash value is increased. The Free Games bonus will continue until a watermark clears through the top of the array. The BONUS symbol does not appear during the Free Games Bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the Base game. Jackpot Bonus The Jackpot Bonus is only available during the Free Game Bonus. During the Free Games bonus there is a chance that one of the Watermarks will be generated and display as a Golden Watermark. If a Golden Watermark is part of a line clear combination, the Jackpot Bonus is triggered and the player will be awarded with either the Mini, Minor, or Major jackpot. The value of each jackpot is determined by the total stake, the values are: Mini: 50x total stake Minor: 250x total stake Major: 2500x total stake Reel Ways Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. Total bet is 50 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier. Disclaimer Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RETURN TO PLAYER = null% Last modification date: 5/16/2018