Viking Vanguard Base Game During each spin, a Wild Stack will appear on a random reel, which is replaced with WILD. WILD is wild for all symbols, except BONUS. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin stops, are randomly replaced with a symbol from the paytable except BONUS, excluding the reel that has been transformed into a Wild Stack. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on any reel. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Free Spin Bonus 3 scattered BONUS award 8 free spins. 4 scattered BONUS award 20 free spins and 10x Total Bet. 5 scattered BONUS award 100 free spins and 15x Total Bet. During the Free Spin Bonus, the reel that was transformed into a Wild Stack on the triggering spin will remain WILD for the duration of the bonus. In addition, up to 5 random reels, excluding the reel that was transformed into a Wild Stack on the triggering spin, will transform into a Wild Stack for each free spin. During the Free Spin Bonus, 3 scattered BONUS award 8 additional free spins. During the Free Spin Bonus, 4 scattered BONUS award 20 additional free spins and 10x Total Bet. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During the Free Spin Bonus the bet per line remains the same as the spin that triggered the Bonus. Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin stops, are randomly replaced with a symbol from the paytable except BONUS, excluding the reels that have been transformed into a Wild Stack. WILD is wild for all symbols, except BONUS. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on any reel. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Bonus Guarantee The Free Spins Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 5x Total Bet. Any bonus ending with less than 5x Total Bet is automatically increased to 5x Total Bet at the end of the bonus. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. Quikset Panel Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The Total Bet will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The Total Bet is the line bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.