Volts and Bolts How to Play Game Introduction Volts and Bolts™ is a slot game which features a Free Spins Bonus in addition to a Robot Bonus Feature with High Voltage Spins! Land 3 or more scattered Scientist symbols to be awarded 12 Free Spins with a bet multiplier up to 100x your bet! The Robot Bonus feature can be activated by landing 6 or more Robot Symbols! Transform Robot symbols into larger Robot Shapes, and watch these Robot Shapes transform into Electricity Reels that can be spun to award bonuses and cash prizes! The game features 5 reels each with 3 rows. appears on all reels 2, 3, 4 and 5, and is WILD for all symbols, except the scatter symbol. The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more scattered land on the reels. The Robot Bonus Feature is triggered when 6 or more scattered land on the reels. If both Robot Spins and Free Spins are won from the same spin, both features will be awarded. Free Spins will play after the Robot Bonus finishes. Bets Selecting your bet: To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons (desktop) or slide the betting options (mobile) to increase or decrease the Total Bet. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest scatter win is paid per game play. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of game for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click STOP AUTOPLAY to cancel the autoplay. Autoplay is stopped when a bonus event occurs. Base Game During each play the following symbols appear: Volts and Bolts Brain Voltmeter Wrench Diary Scientist (Scatter) Ace King Queen Jack Battery (Wild) Robot (Bonus) Free Spins Land 3, 4 or 5 to be awarded 12 Free Spins, and 2x, 15x and 100x total bet for the number of symbols landed, respectively. During Free Spins, only Scientist and Wild symbols appear on reel 3. The Free Spins feature can be retriggered by landing 3 or more Scientist symbols again. Total bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Spins. Robot Bonus Land 6 or more scattered and win 5 Robot Bonus Free Spins! The Robot Symbols that triggered the feature (and any other Robot Symbols landing on the reels during the free spins) will lock and be held in place for as long as the feature lasts. After each spin, adjacent Robot Symbols will transform into Robot Shapes. More details regarding the number of Robot Symbols required for transformations can be found in the paytable. 1, 2, and 3 Robot Symbols connected adjacently will award 1x, 3x, and 5x bet respectively. Any Robot Shape covering 4 or more reel positions will become a High Voltage Reel, or directly award a Bonus. The reel will spin to randomly award prizes once all the Free Spins have been used up or all positions are filled by a Robot Shape. The ROBOT BONUS SPINS can be triggered during the FREE SPINS FEATURE. Higher paying bonuses are available for larger Robot Shapes, as shown below: Positions Covered Bonuses Available 4 Minor or Mini Bonus, or up to 20x total bet 6 Minor or Mini Bonus, or up to 40x total bet 8 Minor or Mini Bonus, or up to 80x total bet 9 Minor or Mini Bonus, or up to 100x total bet 10 Major, Minor, or Mini Bonus, or up to 150x total bet 12 Major or Minor Bonus, or up to 250x total bet 15 Grand or Major Bonus, or up to 750x total bet Bonuses: Mini Bonus will reward 20x bet Minor Bonus will reward 100x bet Major Bonus will reward 2000x bet Grand Bonus will reward 5000x bet Win Lines The game contains 50 win lines. All line configurations are shown on the paylines page of the paytable. These can be viewed by pressing the “?” button. RETURN TO PLAYER The expected return for this game is 95.63% This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 8/14/2018