Wild Streets HOW TO PLAY WILD BONUS CASH REGISTER FREE SPIN TICKET WANDERING WILD Game Introduction Wild Streets™ showcases six features that can trigger on any spin! Three scattered BONUS symbols will award a feature that can be gambled to try and achieve a better one. Play now for a chance to win one of the four jackpots! Wild Streets has 5 reels and 3 rows and contains six bonus features. There are 20 win lines available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and play Select your stake To adjust the STAKE, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. Graffiti Wilds During a base game spin, WILD symbols can be sprayed onto symbols. This happens on each reel one by one. Golden Cash Registers Land between 3 and 5 CASH REGISTER symbols to be awarded this feature. Pick a CASH REGISTER to be awarded a cash prize. When more CASH REGISTER symbols have landed on the reels, greater cash prizes will become possible to win. Jackpot Arcade On any base game spin, when all of the letters of JACKPOT light up, the Jackpot Arcade feature will be triggered. Choose tickets and match three coloured tickets to be awarded the corresponding jackpot prize. Bonus Feature Selector Land 3 scattered BONUS symbols and gamble or collect your feature! Win Subway Ticket Free Spins, Wanted Level Free Spins, Back Alley Cash, or collect a Cash Prize. Subway Ticket Free Spins and the Cash Prize cannot be gambled to win a different feature. The Cash Prize awards a bet multiplier between 0x and 50x, and can be gambled between these values indefinitely, until a prize is collected. Subway Ticket Free Spins This feature initially awards 12 Free Spins. Land 3 or more FREE SPIN TICKET symbols, with at least 1 symbol on reels 1, 3 and 5 to be awarded additional Free Spins. The amount of Free Spins that can be won is displayed on each FREE SPIN TICKET symbol. FREE SPIN TICKET symbols are Wild for all symbols in this feature. Wanted Level Free Spins This feature initially awards 10 Free Spins. Land WANDERING WILD symbols to increase the wanted level! Whenever the wanted level increases, an additional 3 Free Spins will be awarded. WANDERING WILD symbols are Wild for for all symbols in this feature and remain on the reels for the entirety of the feature. Each WANDERING WILD symbol will randomly move onto a new symbol and replace it for each spin. Back Alley Cash This feature awards 1-3 dice rolls with 1-2 die. Roll the dice to move along the trail. Higher bet multipliers are available as the trail progresses. Reach the Big Win Truck to spin the Bonus Wheel, for a chance to win bet multipliers of up to 1000x. Win lines The game contains 20 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the in-game paytable. This can be viewed by pressing the ‘?’ button. Last modification date: 12/29/2021