YAHTZEE Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except BONUS and ROLL. WILD appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. When “Wild Multiplier Active” appears in the upper right corner, all line wins that contain one or more WILD will be multiplied by 2X – 36X. 4 to a YAHTZEE Free Roll Bonus When 5 scattered ROLL symbols appear, the 4 to a YAHTZEE Free Roll Bonus is triggered. Four dice of the same number will be held and one die will be rolled awarding a four of a kind or a YAHTZEE. Scattered ROLL must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All scatter pays are already multiplied by the bet per line. All scatter pay amounts are added to wins. YAHTZEE Bonus BONUS appears only on reel 5 and awards a number of BONUS symbols equal to the bet per line. When 5 BONUS are collected, the YAHTZEE Bonus will automatically trigger. If the player has more than 5 BONUS symbols collected, the first 5 Bonus symbols are lit up above the reel array, the YAHTZEE Bonus is triggered and plays to completion, and the remainder of the collected BONUS symbols are highlighted after returning from the YAHTZEE Bonus. You may trigger the Bonus any time after collecting at least one symbol by clicking the PLAY BONUS button. Click the blue cup to shake the dice. Dice will be rolled immediately after the player selects the cup. The greatest overall number of matching dice with the highest number are initially held. Subsequent rolls (if applicable) will only change the initial held dice if a greater monetary value is possible or if additional dice matching the currently held dice are rolled. After dice are held, click the blue cup to roll again, or until a YAHTZEE is rolled. A YAHTZEE is defined as five matching dice. After three rolls, the dice will be evaluated. All awards are multiplied by the number of BONUS symbols collected before triggering the YAHTZEE Bonus. If no pair is rolled after 3 rolls, the Chance Bonus is awarded. Awards are paid according to the YAHTZEE scorecard. For maximum return, collect 5 BONUS prior to triggering the YAHTZEE Bonus. 1st Roll YAHTZEE If the player rolls a YAHTZEE on the first roll of the YAHTZEE Bonus, the player is awarded the 1st Roll YAHTZEE Jackpot (if YAHTZEE Bonus was triggered after collecting 5 BONUS symbols). Back to Back YAHTZEE If any YAHTZEE is awarded, one additional roll of five dice will be awarded. On that roll, if a YAHTZEE of any rank is rolled, the Back to Back YAHTZEE is awarded instead of the original YAHTZEE award. All awards have already been multiplied by the bet per line in the Roll Bonus and the number of BONUS symbols collected in the YAHTZEE Bonus. Max bet qualifies for jackpot award. If the player rolls a YAHTZEE and then rolls another YAHTZEE on the next roll, the player is awarded the Back to Back YAHTZEE Jackpot (if YAHTZEE Bonus was triggered after collecting 5 BONUS symbols) Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line plus the Feature bet. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Whole Lotta Shakin Goin On. Written By David C. Williams © Nimani Entertainment. Used by Permission. All Rights Reserved. YAHTZEE © 2014 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved.