5 Clans ABOUT THE GAME 5 Clans is a 5x3 Video Slot with 10 fixed Paylines when 3 or more (2 for the top symbol) identical symbols land on a payline starting from the leftmost reel. A single bonus symbol on reel 5 in view triggers a Free Spins Bonus. Wilds and Super Wilds can appear on all reels and substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbols. SHIELDS BONUS FEATURES There are 5 reel bonues in the base game that can also appear in the Free Spins Bonus. RED SHIELDS active a Super Wild and award a free respin. GREEN SHIEDS activate Wilds and award a free respin. PURPLE SHIELDS activate Mystery Symbols and award a free respin. BLUE SHIELDS can be randomly activated by any reel win and award the win with up to 50x multiplier. GOLD SHIELDS only appears on reel 5 and awards the Free Spins bonus when in view in the base game, if appearing in the Free Spins bonus it will award 3 extra free spins. FREE SPINS FEATURE At the start of the feature, the player is awarded 9 free spins: The shield bonuses are more active in the Free Spins A further 3 free spins are awarded when the Gold Shield symbol lands in view on reel 5. During play: All 5 Reel Bonus shields can trigger in the feature. Free spins are played at the lines and bet of the triggering spin. HOW TO PLAY Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the fixed Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 2 in a row, 3 in a row, 4 in a row, 5 in a row and 6 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include the Bonus symbols, which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Bonus round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Bonus. There can be a discrepancy between the sum of the individual wins in collection Free Spins from what is displayed in the total win end screen. The total win end screen displays the final rounded win. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound on/off, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. GAME PANEL Lines Active – Displays the number of lines. Stake – Displays the current bet and accesses panel to change bet. Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay (If Available) – Allows the player to access the Autoplay panel to select amount of autoplays and limits. Winnings – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Credit – Displays the player's account balance. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin on desktop. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.0% RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void, and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 12/29/2021