9k Yeti Welcome to 9K Yeti – it’s time to ascend Everest in this epic adventure slot! QUICK FACTS RTP 97.0 % Max Win 9,012 x bet Max Free Spins 880 Volatility High Average Spins To Win Any Win: 5.2 Big Win (15x): 77 Free Spins Bonus Win: 142 Epic Win (100x): 1044 INTRODUCTION 9K Yeti is a 6-reel 4,096 Ways slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Ways removes paylines making it easier to see where the win is. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. 9K Yeti features mountainous wins, retriggering Snowstorm Free Spins as well as 4ThePlayer’s unique BIG REEL Portrait Mode™. HOW TO PLAY The player chooses their bet amount using the + and – symbols above or below the spin button. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the spin button. If playing on PC and if enabled from the game options menu, the space bar can be used to spin. When the spin stops, winning symbols are raised above the reels. Wins pay from left to right except in the BIG REEL Portrait Mode™ where a win pays from top to bottom. BIG REEL Portrait Mode™ When playing on mobile in portrait, the player has the option of playing classic small reels or BIG REEL Portrait Mode™. This option enlarges the reels, stacks them on top of each other and spins them right to left and pays top to bottom. This maximizes the visual experience on the mobile without changing the game experience. This mode is only available in portrait mobile play, payouts and game features are unchanged. SYMBOLS Free Spins Footprints Scatter 3 or more Footprints Scatters on any reel will trigger the Free Spins bonus with Snowstorm feature. Scatters do not need to be on consecutive reels. Everest Wild The Everest Wild symbol substitutes every symbol other than the Footprints Scatter. Yeti The Yeti is the top paying symbol. SNOWSTORM FREE SPINS BONUS Snowstorm Free Spins are triggered by three or more Footprints Scatters on any reel. The bet for the Free Spins will be set at the value that the Free Spins were triggered. The number of Footprint Scatters determines the number of Free Spins awarded: 6 Footprints scatters = 88 Free Spins 5 Footprints scatters = 40 Free Spins 4 Footprints scatters = 15 Free Spins 3 Footprints scatters = 8 Free Spins During Free Spins, Footprints Scatters can retrigger to award extra Free Spins. 6 Footprints scatters = 50 extra Free Spins 5 Footprints scatters = 15 extra Free Spins 4 Footprints scatters = 8 extra Free Spins 3 Footprints scatters = 5 extra Free Spins The maximum number of Free Spins is 880 – this can be achieved by repeatedly retriggering the Free Spins in the Free Spins bonus. During Free Spins any spin with no win that contains both the Yeti and Everest symbols will trigger the Snowstorm feature. Snowstorm Feature A snowstorm will lift one or more Yeti and Wild symbols from the reels and shuffle them with other symbols, placing them down into a guaranteed winning position and turning a non-winning spin into a win! HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH 4,096 WAYS If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final payout multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2*3*2=12. AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open autoplay, press the autoplay button – the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle. The player has the option of choosing the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number has completed or the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When the autoplay is active, the spin button becomes a stop button which displays the number of spins remaining. To stop autoplay spins, press the stop button. GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Space to Spin – Available on PC only, if enabled the player can press space to spin History – To see game history Help – Opens this help GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails. If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. ENGLISH TERM TRANSLATION WILD x FREE SPINS x CONGRATULATIONS x YOU WON x FREE SPINS LEFT x BIG WIN x MEGA BIG WIN x EPIC BIG WIN x The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020