Aldo's Journey ABOUT THE GAME Aldo's Journey is a 5 x 5 Video Slot with 65 paylines paying from left to right. The game has 8 regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The game features regular wilds which substitute for all regular symbols, Free Spin symbols which only appear in the base game and the Aldo Journey Wild which appears in all modes. Aldo Journey Wild Aldo moves by one-reel position randomly in 1 of 8 directions each spin. Aldo functions as a wild and can substitute any regular symbol. Changing the coin value returns Aldo to his initial position. Wild Time! Feature When Aldo lands on the Centre Square position in the base game, 3-9 wilds are placed randomly on the reels and a 2-4x multiplier is applied to any win. Landing Aldo on the centre position in Free Spins awards 3-9 random wilds on the reels and adds +1, +2 or +3 to the multiplier counter for the entire Free Spin Session (not applicable for Journey Free Spins). Free Spins Free Spin symbols only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. Landing 3 Free Spin symbols (this is the maximum possible) triggers a Free Spin mode. This slot is separated into 4 regions represented by different coloured rectangles on the reels and a Centre Square. Depending on which position Aldo is on when triggering Free Spins awards that region's Free Spins. The different Free Spins are listed below. All Free Spins are played with the same bet and lines as the activating spin. Italy Free Spins (Top left rectangle) In this Free Spin mode, the win multiplier starts with 2x and increases each spin by 1. Mongolia Free Spins (Top right rectangle) At the end of each Free Spin, one regular symbol is entirely removed from the reels for the remaining Free Spins. If there are only 2 symbols left on the reels the player will receive a +1x multiplier instead. Persia Free Spins (Bottom left rectangle) Each spin Aldo throws out a sticky wild that will stay in a random position throughout the entire Free Spin session. The Random wild will not land on top of a previously thrown wild. China Free Spins (Bottom right rectangle) Aldo creates a line of 1-5 wilds including himself in 1 of 8 directions each spin. This line always starts from Aldo himself and ends at the edge of the slot area (If Aldo is standing at the edge of the slot area, the line he creates will be in a direction that awards at least 1 additional wild). This mode also starts with a +1x multiplier. Journey Free Spins (Centre Square Position) This Free Spin mode uses the feature of whichever region Aldo is on (ex. if Aldo is in the top-right rectangle, the Mongolian Free Spin feature is active). Landing Aldo on the Centre Square adds an extra 3 Free Spins. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the leftmost reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include any Free Spin symbols which pay scattered. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS The options icon expands and collapses the options tray. Pay Table – Displays the payout of each symbol, description of the game features, and all information about the ways to win. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on the gaming website, stores the last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the game rules. Mute – Turns the sounds on and off. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (50) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 50 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. If the player chooses to skip the replay, their win will be added to their balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website's support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 21/11 2019. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/13/2020