Avatars Gateway Guardians Welcome to Avatars: Gateway Guardians Video Slot with Free Spins, a Hot Spot Multiplier and an innovative slot design. ABOUT THE GAME Avatars: Gateway Guardians is a circular Video Slot with 6 and 8 slot sections which are all divided into 3 parts (effectively making a 3x6 or 3x8 slot). The game has 7 regular symbols; when all 3 parts of a symbol line up in a section, that symbol pays out. The game also features a Free Spin symbol which does not have to be aligned in a single section to award Free Spins. Hot Spot The Hot Spot section is marked with a white glow (in the base game you will notice it at the top). When you land a win in the Hot Spot section (a complete regular symbol appears in the white glowing section) that symbol’s win receives a multiplier. The multiplier count starts at 1 and will increase by 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x or 20x increments. The multiplier will continue to accumulate (max 5 times) until the hand symbol appears to indicate the payout (101x max). Whenever the Free Spin symbol appears in the Hot Spot section, the multiplier is not applicable. Free Spins Landing 3 parts of a Free Spin symbol anywhere on the slot awards 10 Free Spins with 8 slot sections instead of 6. Extra Hot Spots are awarded depending on how many parts of the Free Spin symbol are in the Hot Spot during the trigger. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. The list below shows how many Hot Spots can be awarded. 0 Free Spin symbol parts in the Hot Spot triggers Free Spins with 2 Hot Spots 1 Free Spin symbol part in the Hot Spot triggers Free Spins with 4 Hot Spots 2 Free Spin symbol parts in the Hot Spot triggers Free Spins with 6 Hot Spots 3 Free Spin symbol parts in the Hot Spot triggers Free Spins with 8 Hot Spots HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total coin win, add all the complete symbol’s payouts together. If a section has a complete symbol (all 3 parts line up) find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which can be scattered and still award Free Spins. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. GAME PANEL Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (10) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 10 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.3%. Max Exp : 250.00 Min : 0.10 Max : 200.00 RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 14/11/2019. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us