Age of Asgard ABOUT THE GAME Age of Asgard is a double 5 x 3 Video Slot with up to 50 paylines paying from left to right. The game has 8 regular low pay symbols. There are also 6 high pay symbols that are always 3 symbols tall. The game features 2 wilds which are always stacked and Free Spin symbols which only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and do not have to be on a payline to award Free Spins. The Double Machine This game features 2 separate machines in the base game. The machine on top has god themed high pay symbols accompanied by their own low pay symbols and the bottom machine has monster themed high pay symbols accompanied by their own low pay symbols. Each machine has its own 20 paylines paying from the left. Stack Wilds In the base game both wilds are 3 symbols tall. They substitute all regular symbols and nudge randomly to fill an entire reel. Filling a reel with a wild symbol on either machine awards 1 respin with that wild locked in its position. Landing multiple full wilds in 1 spin does not add additional respins but all full wild symbols are sticky for the duration of the respins. Landing a new full wild on a respin retriggers another respin. If all reel positions are filled by sticky wilds, no more respins are triggered and a Ragnarok Big Win is awarded, paying out 19 200 coins in base game and 24 000 coins in all Free Spin modes. Clash Landing 2 full wilds on opposing reels (one on top of the other) awards the Clash feature. The Clash feature awards extra random wilds for the activating spin (the subsequent respin only has the full wilds as sticky). The random wilds cannot land on other wild symbols and if they land on a high pay symbol, the entire symbol turns into a wild. If all slot positions are occupied by wilds, no more wilds are awarded. The number of random wilds awarded are as follows: 2 natural full wilds award 4 additional random wilds 1 natural full wild and 1 nudged full wild award 3 additional random wilds 2 nudged full wilds award 2 additional random wilds Free Spins Landing 3 Free Spin symbols on the top machine awards 10 Free Spins with symbols only from the top machine. Landing 3 Free Spin symbols on the bottom machine awards 10 Free Spins with only the symbols from the bottom machine. Free Spins are played on a single 5 x 6 machine with 50 paylines left to right. Both wilds are joined together into a 1x6 symbol and present on the reels. The wild symbol nudges randomly and awards the Clash feature if it fills the reel. The double stacked wild functions as 1 symbol so it can either be a natural full symbol in which case it awards 4 random wilds or it can be nudged in which case it awards 2 random wilds for the Clash. A respin with all full wilds sticky is also awarded on any spin where a new full wild lands. Ragnarok Free Spins 20 Ragnarok Free Spins are triggered from the Randomizer or by landing 3 Free Spin symbols on the top machine and 3 Free Spin symbols on the bottom machine in 1 spin. They function like regular Free Spins except they have high pay symbols from both machines, no low pay symbols and the double stack wild always nudges when any part of it lands on the reels. The Randomizer Landing 3 Free Spin symbols on the top or bottom machine and 2 Free Spin symbols of the other machine awards the Randomizer feature. The Randomizer can award additional 1000 coins on top of Free Spins awarded from 3 Free Spin symbols, or upgrade the Free Spins to Ragnarok Free Spins. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the dynamic Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (40) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 40 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 20/10 2019. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/13/2020