Arthur's Fortune Welcome to Arthur's Fortune Video Slot with Free Spins, Merlin’s Bonus and the Wild conversion feature. ABOUT THE GAME Arthur's Fortune is a 5x3 Video Slot with 20 paylines starting from the leftmost reel. This slot features 10 regular symbols that pay when 3 symbols line up on a payline. There is also a Scatter Wild symbol that functions as a Free Spin symbol and wild symbol. Arthur's Gold Any regular symbol can be converted to a wild randomly for 1 spin in the base game. When a symbol is converted, all instances of that symbol turn wild. Up to 10 symbols can be converted in a single spin. The Arthur's Gold feature is active for the length of the spin it was activated in. Free Spins Free Spins are triggered by landing 3 or more Scatter wild symbols. Free Spins start with a wild Conversion for the entire Free Spin session. Landing extra Scatters adds extra wild conversions which last for the current and remaining Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same lines and bet as the activating spin. Landing 3 Scatter Wild symbols awards 7 Free Spins and 1 symbol is converted to a wild. Landing 4 Scatter Wild symbols awards 10 Free Spins and 2 symbols convert to wilds. Landing 5 Scatter Wild symbols awards 14 Free Spins and 3 symbols convert to wilds. Triggering extra Free Spins Landing 2 Scatter Wild symbols in Free Spins awards 1 additional Free Spin and 1 additional symbol is converted to a wild. Landing 3 Scatter Wild symbols in Free Spins awards 2 additional Free Spins and 2 additional symbols are converted into wilds. Landing 4 Scatter Wild symbols in Free Spins awards 3 additional Free Spins and 3 additional symbols are converted to wilds. Landing 5 Scatter Wild symbols in Free Spins awards 4 Free Spins and 4 additional symbols are converted to wilds. Merlin’s Bonus The Bonus symbol can land in the base game and in Free Spins. In the base game, it can award 40 - 500 coins, 7 Free Spins with 1 symbol conversion, 10 Free Spins with 2 symbol conversions or 14 Free Spins with 3 symbol conversions. In Free Spins, the Bonus symbol contains 50 - 1000 coins or 1-14 extra Free Spins (without an additional wild conversion). Wilds Wilds can substitute for any regular symbol. Wilds have their own payouts which are listed in the paytable. If the wild’s payout is more than the possible substitution, then the wild does not substitute for the regular symbol instead it pays out itself. The Scatter Wild has to be on a payline to pay out. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the dynamic Pay Table (2 symbols for wilds). There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Scatter Wilds can award Free Spins when not on a line After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Sound – Turns the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. (Desktop Only) GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines. (Desktop Only) Coin Value – Increases or decreases the current bet. Bet – The bet is always 10 coins per spin or the equivalent in the home currency. Clicking on this field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. Max Exposure :250k RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 05/05 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us Last modification date: 5/22/2020