BountyPop About BountyPop is a win-all-ways game with up to 59,049 ways to win. It features the exciting PopWins™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the spin button to play the game Press the autoplay button and select your autoplay options to make the game play by itself until you choose to stop it (if applicable) Select your bet size on the Bet Level interface The game panel will display your current bet size, current win, and current balance HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH “WIN ALL WAYS” To calculate your total WIN ALL WAYS win, add all your symbol wins together To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of subsequent reels that contain the symbol, starting from the left or the right If the number of subsequent reels containing the symbol is three or greater counting from the left, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table Otherwise, if the symbol was not present on three subsequent reels counting from the left, count from the right If the number of subsequent reels containing the symbol is three or greater counting from the right, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the winning symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, the second reel 3 symbols and the third reel 2 symbols, the pay table value is multiplied in the following manner: 2*3*2=12(total multiplier). 5 of a kind wins only pay from one side During gameplay, different way wins are added together PopWins ™ feature Winning symbols ’Pop’ and 2 new symbols appear in their place Each reel can reach a maximum up to the 6 symbols in base game and 9 in Free Spins PopWins™ ends when there are no more wins in the panel PopWins™ are played with the same bet as the base game Getting Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spin Mode. The Scatter symbol does not appear during Free Spin. Free Spins are cannot be re-triggered. You can also buy the Free Spin Mode for 100 bets by pressing the “Buy Bonus” button.(only available in some markets) Free Spin Gamble Before playing Free Spins, you have the option to gamble your Free Spins. Winning the gamble gives you more spins, losing the gamble takes you back to the base game without playing the Free Spins. You can gamble up to twice. The starting number of free spins is 6. Win one gamble to increase it to 9. Win another gamble to increase it to 12. Playing Free Spins Free Spins goes up to 5x9 and has random starting configuration. When all reels reach at least 7 high, the Bronze Wheel is unlocked. When all reels reach at least 8 high, the Silver Wheel is unlocked. When all reels reach at least 9 high, the Gold Wheel is unlocked. When there are no more wins, spin the most valuable unlocked wheel and get a mystery multiplier on the entire round. Between each spin in Free Spins, reels reset heights to the lowest of all reel heights. Mystery Multiplier Wheels Full unlock in base game gives mystery multiplier on the entire round, including wins that come after The Wheels have two rings with different sets of rewards. Winning the Arrow symbol on the outer ring activates the inner ring. Base Wheel: Outer ring: Arrow, x2-3 and x5 Inner ring: x3-5 and x10 Bronze Wheel: Outer ring: Arrow, x2-3 and x5 Inner ring: x3-5 and x10 Silver Wheel: Outer ring: Arrow, x2-5 and x7 Inner ring: x3-5, x7 and x10 Golden Wheel: Outer ring: Arrow, x3-5, x7 and x10 Inner ring: x4-5, x7, x10, x100 Return to Player The return to player is 96.2% Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator Additional Information If a player’s game is interrupted during play, they may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player’s account. If the player chooses to skip the replay, the win will be added to the player’s balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website’s support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 12/29/2021