Brazil Bomba Welcome to Brazil Bomba video slot with a Free Spin mode, Dropdown wins, Multipliers and the Brazil Bomba Feature. ABOUT THE GAME Brazil Bomba is a 6 x 8 Video Slot with 12 regular symbols that pay if a cluster of 6 or more identical symbols land. There is also a Free Spin symbol that can be scattered and award Free Spins and a Bomb symbol which triggers the Bomb Feature. Dropdown Wins This game does not feature any lines or ways, instead when 6+ identical symbols land in a cluster (can be side by side or diagonally next to each other), they award a win. Multiple clusters can land at the same time, then both clusters award wins. Winning clusters are removed from the reels and new symbols drop down to fill the empty positions. Dropdowns continue until no more winning clusters appear. Free Spins Land 3+ Free Spin symbols anywhere on the reels to trigger Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same bet size as the activating spin. The amount of Free Spins awarded are as follows: 3 Free Spin symbols award 5 Free Spins. 4 Free Spin symbols award 10 Free Spins. 5 Free Spin symbols award 15 Free Spins. 6 Free Spin symbols award 20 Free Spins. Free Spins can be retriggered. The Bomb Feature The Bomb symbol can land in the base game and in Free Spins. It triggers on the first losing Dropdown. The Bomb explodes all reel positions in a star formation clearing up to 16 reel positions giving the player another chance to win. Only 1 bomb can explode per Dropdown. The Bomb does not remove Free Spin or Bomb symbols from the reels. Multiplier Getting a Dropdown win or landing the Bomb feature activates a multiplier for the following Dropdown. Each Dropdown win or Bomb feature adds 1 extra multiplier. The multiplier increases until there is no win or Bomb feature. The multiplier resets after a losing Dropdown in the base game and at the end of Free Spins. Multipliers carry over to Free Spins if there is a trigger. Ex. If the player has a 5x multiplier in the base game and they trigger Free Spins, the Free Spins start with a 5x multiplier. The multiplier in Free Spins does not reset after a losing Dropdown. There is no maximum cap on the multiplier. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE DROPDOWN WINS Each symbol's payout is listed in the paytable for all wins from 6-48 symbols. If a multiplier was activated, multiply the winning amount by the awarded multiplier. Multiply the coin win by the coin value to get the win in the home currency. All cluster wins are summed together after a spin. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Explains the main features in the game, displays all payouts dynamically (changes depending on cash view or coin view) and shows the lines or ways to win Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. GAME PANEL Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (10) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 10 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.3%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. This also affects interrupted Free Spin rounds which may result in Jackpot winnings. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 06/02 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.1 Max Bet : €50 Last modification date: 6/13/2020