Blood Moon Wilds ABOUT THE GAME Blood Moon Wilds is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. There is a Free Spin symbol that awards Free Spins when 3+ land anywhere on the reels and the Werewolf wild symbol which is only awarded from features. Lunar Calendar On top of the slot machine there is a Lunar Calendar that shows which of the moon phases the slot is currently in. When the Lunar Calendar shows a Full moon, all highpay symbols on the reels turn into Werewolf wilds. In Free Spins the full moon is removed and multiple blood moons are added. When the Lunar Calendar shows a blood moon, all highpay symbols visible on the reels turn into Werewolf wilds and the moon turns back to it's original state. Those slot positions stay wild as the reels turn increasing the chance to land those wilds again. Random Feature 1 of 4 Random Features can be triggered in the base game and in Free Spins. The possible features are listed below: RANDOM WILDS – Turns one type of highpay symbols, which will pay out the most as wild, into wild symbols. This feature is deactivated if there are no highpay symbols on the reels. RANDOM MULTIPLIER – Adds an x2, x3, x4 or x5 win multiplier. EXTRA FREE SPIN SYMBOL – Adds 1 extra Free Spin symbol on the reels. This feature is only possible if there are at least 2 Free Spin symbols already on the reels in the base game and exactly 1 Free Spin symbol on the reels in Free Spins. RANDOM FULL MOON – This feature nudges the Lunar calendar so that a full moon or Blood Moon is drawn. This feature is deactivated if there are no highpay symbols on the reels. Free Spins Free Spins are triggered by landing 3+ Free Spin symbols anywhere in the base game. The Free Spin mode is played with the same bet and lines that activated it. Free Spins can be retriggered. Free Spin symbols award the following amount of Free Spins: 2 Free Spin symbols award 2 Free Spins (only available in Free Spins). 3 Free Spin symbols award 7 Free Spins. 4 Free Spin symbols award 10 Free Spins. 5 Free Spin symbols award 12 Free Spins. 6 Free Spin symbols award 20 Free Spins (only available with an additional Free Spin symbol from the Random Feature). HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the dynamic Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the ways to win. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 20 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 14/10 2019. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.