Beauty and the Beast ABOUT THE GAME Beauty and the Beast is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The 2 high pay symbols are represented by the Beauty and the Beast in the base game and by the Princess and the Prince in Free Spin mode. The 6 low pay symbols are represented by crystals of different colors and shapes. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Free Spin symbol. The Wild symbol is represented by a mirror in Free Spin mode and by a broken mirror in the base game. FREE SPIN MODE Three or more Free Spin symbols landing anywhere trigger the Free Spin mode. You may then select one out of three features to play with in the Free Spin mode. If you get three or more Free Spin symbols in the Free Spin mode, the number of spins left is reset to 10 and you get to choose another feature. The re-triggered Free Spin mode will have both the original and the new feature. Should you get three or more Free Spin symbols again, the number of spins left is reset to 10 and you play with all three features activated. At this point, no more Free Spin symbols will appear on the reels (Free Spins can't be retriggered again). The Free Spin symbol is represented by a faded rose in the base game and a blooming rose in Free Spin mode. If 4 Free Spin symbols land anywhere on the reels, 1000 coins are awarded in addition to triggering or re-triggering the Free Spin mode. If 5 Free Spin symbols land anywhere on the reels, 5000 coins are awarded in addition to triggering or re-triggering the Free Spin mode. FEATURES The three features are triggered by 3 servant characters: The Chef, the Butler and the Maid. The Chef - the three middle reels spin synchronized and the three reels will always show the same combination of three symbols. For example, if the second reel shows a red crystal, a blue crystal and a yellow crystal, then both the third and fourth reel will also show red crystals, blue crystals and yellow crystals. The Butler - after the reels have stopped, one of the reels will be nudged one spot up or down if the win can be improved. If the Free Spins mode can be triggered, the best nudge which triggers the Free Spin mode is chosen. If the Chef is active together with the Butler, all synced reels nudge as one reel. The Maid - every spin, 2-4 wilds are added to random positions. The wilds can not be added on top of wilds or Free Spin symbols. Any spin in the base game can trigger one of the features (randomly chosen). GOLDEN BETS You can activate and deactivate the Golden Bet at any time during the base game. Activating the Golden bet gives you extra features at a cost of 5-30 coins per spin. There are 3 Golden Bets to choose from: Boost (extra 5 coins per spin): Free Spins start with 2 feature picks instead of 1 Nudge (extra 15 coins per spin): When you land 2 to 4 Free Spin symbols and one more landed just outside the game area, it will be nudge in to trigger Free Spins and/or award the extra coin win. Boost & Nudge (extra 30 coins per spin): Combination of Boost and Nudge in one Golden Bet HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line from the far left. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include any Free Spin symbols which pay scattered. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Golden Bet - Opens the Golden Bet options panel. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. Playing Press the Spin button to start game RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.3-97.1% Options Panel Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Opens the paytable. Opens the settings Panel. Opens the History panel with replays from the last 10 spins Opens the game rules. Turns the sound on and off. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 8/4/2017