Big Blox GAME RULES Welcome to Big Blox Video Slot with 243 ways to win and the Big blox feature. ABOUT THE GAME Big blox is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 243 Ways to Win. 243 Ways to Win means that there are no paylines, but any combination of 3 or more subsequent symbols from left will give a win. The game has 8 regular symbols and 1 wild symbol. Every spin, a rectangle will be selected on the game area. All symbols that land within this rectangle will always be identical to each other. The rectangle will most of the time cover a 2x2 area, but if you are lucky it can expand to larger sizes. The biggest possible rectangle will be 5x3 and cover the entire game area. There are no Wilds on a 1st reel, and the rectangle can not land a Wild on a 1st reel. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH "243 WAYS TO WIN" To calculate your total 243 WAYS TO WIN ways coin win, add all your symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of subsequent reels that contain the symbol, starting from left. If the number of subsequent reels containing the symbol is three or greater counting from left, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example, if first reel contain 2 symbols, second reel 3 symbols and third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied by 2*3*2=12. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. GAME PANEL Coin Value – Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount (25) by your coin value. Bet – The bet is always 25 coins per spin. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. Spin Button– Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Autoplay – You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevents you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. Cash/Coin view – You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. Last modification date: 1/31/2017