Bicicleta GAME RULES WELCOME TO BICICLETA VIDEO SLOT WITH A FREE SPIN MODE WITH STICKY WILDS AND TROPHY BONUSES. Bicicleta is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 25 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Free Spin symbol and Trophy. Three or more Free Spin symbols trigger the Free Spin mode. 3 Free Spin symbols award 8 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols award 16 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols award 24 Free Spins. Free Spins can't be re-triggered. In the Free Spin mode, The Player symbols in the game will try to score a goal when they land on the reels. If a Player manages to score, it transforms into a wild that sticks on the reels and if not it will stay as a Player symbol. The shot on goal sequence happens before the wins are paid out for the spin. The wilds stick on the reel until the free spin mode is over. The "Player symbols" are the four highest paying symbols, with characters is the imagery. There are no Wild symbols on reels in Free Spins. The free spin mode is played with the same bet that activated it. Wins from the free spin mode is added to the total win of the round that activated it. On The fifth reel there is a Trophy symbol that during main game can award Freespins or a coin win. In Freespins the Trophy can also award a wild reel, making an entire reel turn into wild until the end of Freespins. The wild reel is randomly chosen between the first four reels. The coin win is either 50, 75, 100, 125, 150, 175, 200, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900 or 1000. The number of free spins awarded can be 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12. Trophy can't award Free Spins if Free Spins were already awarded by free spin symbols in the spin. If a Trophy lands on top of a sticky wild symbol, both the Trophy and wild symbol are active that round. WINNING The player wins when three or more identical symbols line up on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row for all symbols. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. In Jokerizer mode this button transforms into a Collect button. When clicked the collect button ends the Jokerizer mode and ads the collected wins to the balance. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different coin value in the coin selector. Coin value can e.g. vary from €0.25 to €100 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 25 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING PAYLINES In Bicicleta Video Slot the player must always play all 25 Pay lines. PLAYING To spin the reels the player has to press the Spin button. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. The Paytable can be displayed. To return to the game press the paytable button again. The Settings dialog can be opened. Open the history log of previous game sessions. The Game Rules can be displayed prior to start of game. The Sound can be turned on and off at all times. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 1/31/2017