Chibeasties 2 Welcome to Chibeasties 2 Video Slot with 4 enchanting base game realms (modes) accompanied by 4 Free Spin modes, each with its own unique wild feature and a potential wild mutation. Chibeasties 2 is a video slot with 5 reels and 20 lines paying from left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The 4 high pay symbols are represented by Chibeastie characters and the 4 low pay symbols are mushrooms. GAME REALMS There are four Realms in the game: The Expanding Realm, The Spreading Realm, The Teleporting Realm and The Mirroring Realm. Upon launching the game, players are instructed to choose which realm they would like to play in, however; they are free to switch between realms at any time in the base game by clicking the Realm button. WILD FEATURES Each realm has a different wild feature that affects all wild symbols landing on the reels. Expanding Realm with Expanding wilds: Wild symbols expand to cover the whole reel. Spreading Realm with Spreading wilds: Creates 1-4 extra wild symbols in random positions. New wilds cannot be created on top of existing wild and Free Spin symbols. Teleporting Realm with Teleporting wilds: Wild symbols switch their position with other symbols to produce the best possible winning combination. Mirroring Realm with Mirroring wilds: Wild symbols are mirrored against an X and Y axis which cuts through the middle reel and the middle row creating up to 2 new wilds. Wilds landing on axis lines create only 1 new wild symbol, mirrored against the other axis line Wilds landing on the intersection of the axis create 2 new wild symbols on the top row of reel 2 and the bottom row of reel 4 or bottom row of reel 2 and top row of reel 4 (random) WILD MUTATION Each spin with wilds present on the screen in the base game can trigger the wild mutation feature. After the wilds perform their own realm feature they can all transform into wilds from another realm and carry out the feature of that realm. All wilds mutate into the wilds from a single, randomly picked realm. FREE SPINS WITH WILD MUTATIONS Three or more Free Spin symbols trigger the Free Spin mode. Wild mutations happen on every spin in Free Spin mode if there is at least one wild symbol present. 3 Free Spin symbols award 7 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols award 15 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols award 30 Free Spins Free Spins can be retriggered The Free Spin mode is played out in the same realm, with the same lines and with the same bet size as the spin that triggered it. Wild symbols substitute all symbols except the Free Spin symbol. Each realm has its own unique wild symbol. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To calculate any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. Changing the coin value brings you to a different game state. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is always 25 coins. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Spin the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, This field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, this field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RTP The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Opens the paytable. Opens the settings panel Opens the History panel with replays from the last 10 spins Opens the game rules. Turns the sound on and off. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 12/11/2017