Cazino Zeppelin GAME RULES WELCOME TO CAZINO ZEPPELIN VIDEO SLOT WITH FREE SPINS FEATURING WILD TRANSFERS AND STICKY WILDS! Cazino Zeppelin is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. There are 5 different Wild symbols which substitute for all symbols except Free Spin symbol. Wild symbols have different appearance on each reel but act in the same way. Whenever 2 or more Free Spin symbols appear anywhere on the reels you win 40 coins. When three or more Free Spin symbols appear anywhere on the screen, you win 40 coins and Free Spins: 3 symbols award 10 spins, 4 symbols award 15 spins, 5 symbols award 20 spins. The free spin mode is played with the same bet and lines that activated it. Wild Transfers: Any wilds appearing in the base spin activating Free Spins; will be transferred to the Free spin and stay in that position on the reel during the entire free spin session. Sticky Wilds: All wilds that appear during the free spin session will stay in their places during the entire free spin session. Extended Free Spins: If all five reels contain at least one Wild symbol, the free spin session is extended by five extra spins at the end of initially triggered free spin session. Extra free spins can only be awarded once per free spin session. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with 3 or 4 wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. 5 wilds in line pay out as 5 highest paying symbols. The above doesn't include Freespin symbols which pay scattered. Scattered Free spins symbol wins of 40 coins are added to payline wins. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet- The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different bet size in the coin selector. Bet size can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €0.50 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 20 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING PAYLINES In Cazino Zeppelin Video Slot the player must always play all 20 paylines. Thus the payline selector is disabled. PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.0 %. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Opens the rules of the game. Turn the sounds on or off. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 3/14/2017