Carol of the Elves Welcome to Carol of the Elves Slot with Respins, Extra Lives, Win Multipliers and up to 3125 Ways to Win. ABOUT THE GAME Carol of the Elves is a video slot with 5 reels, 5 rows and up to 3125 ways to win. The game has 10 regular symbols that pay if 3 or more of the same kind appear in consecutive columns from the left. There are also ice blockers that block reel positions until they are destroyed by landing winning symbols. Respins Each spin with a winning combination awards a respin. These respins continue as long as players continue landing winning combinations. Respins are played with the same bet as the activating spin. Destroying Ice Blockers 12 ice blockers are present on the reels during regular spins. When players land a winning combination, each winning symbol releases a star that destroys one of the blockers. If there are no more blockers on the reels, then all winning stars turn into red or green stars and are collected for the features below. Destroying all blockers activates both Win multipliers and extra lives. Once the respins end, the win is added to the balance and the blockers return to the same 12 positions on the reels. Lives Once all blockers are destroyed, the player is awarded 1 extra life. Stars from the Fox, Reindeer, A, Q and 10 are collected towards the extra lives feature. Players can increase their lives collection by 1 for every 5 red stars they collect. Players can continue collecting lives as long as they continue winning. The extra Lives feature awards a respin on losing respins. Each time the Lives feature is activated 1 life is spent. When players do not land a winning combination and they have no more lives, the respins end. Win Multipliers Once all blocker are destroyed, Stars from the Bear, Rabbit, K, J and 9 are collected towards the Win Multiplier feature. Players can increase their multiplier by 1 for every 5 green stars they collect. Players can continue collecting Multipliers as long as they continue winning. New Multipliers from respins are added after the win is awarded. The multiplier which is displayed in the orb on the left or on the top (mobile portrait only) collection, is not added to the spin which awarded the multiplier but instead to the respin directly after. The total win is added to your balance once no more winning combinations are present and player has no more lives. HOW TO PLAY Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH "Up to 3125 Ways to Win" To calculate the total Up to 3125 Ways Win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the left and check the payout in the dynamic paytable. If the number of consecutive reels containing the symbol is 3 or greater counting from the left, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example: if the first reel contain 2 symbols, the second reel has 3 symbols and the third reel has 2 symbols, the total multiplier is counted as follows: 2*3*2=12 (total multiplier). All Way Wins are summed together after the spin. HOW TO CALCULATE WIN WITH A FRACTION OF A CENT This game features averaged bet sizes for the purposes of collections. In select currencies the resulting average may feature a fraction of a cent to achieve the most accuracy possible for the total round win calculation. In these situations, the round is played with a fraction, and total cash prize will be rounded to FULL cents in a fair way. The prizes are rounded to the closest FULL cent - e.g. 1.4 rounds to 1 and 1.6 rounds to 2. If a win is exactly between two values (e.g 2.5 cents), the rounding goes to the closest EVEN cent (will not round to an ODD amount). For example, a total round win of 100.005 would be rounded to 100, and a win of 100.186 - to 100.19 GAME OPTIONS The options icon expands and collapses the options tray. Pay Table – Displays the payout of each symbol, description of the game features, and other information about the ways to win. Game Settings – Opens the setting panel with the game speed, game volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on the gaming website, stores the last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the game rules. Mute – Turns the sounds on and off. GAME PANEL Ways to Win – Displays the number of ways to win. The number of ways ranges from 45 to 3125 depending on how many blockers are present Bet Level – Changes the bet size. Bet – Displays the current bet. Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately (players can also press the space bar on desktop). Max Bet – Sets the bet to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to revert back.(Desktop Only) Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. If your operator allows coins, then bet Level will be Coin Value and you will be able to toggle between coins (25/bet) and cash by pressing on the balance, bet or coin value field. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2% The maximum recorded win is x5802 and it happened once in 1.000.000.000 simulated game rounds RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. If the player chooses to skip the replay, their win will be added to their balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website's support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 05/11 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000