Chibeasties WELCOME TO CHIBEASTIES VIDEO SLOT WITH FREESPIN MODE AND EXPANDING SYMBOLS. Chibeasties is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. Three or more Free spin Symbols trigger the Free spin Mode. 3 freespin symbols award 10 freespins. 4 free spin symbols award 20 freespins. 5 free spin symbols award 40 freespins. When entering the Free spin mode, one symbol is randomly chosen out of the eight normal symbol or the wild symbol. If the chosen symbol lands during the Free spin Mode, it will expand to cover the entire reel. Line wins are paid out both before and after the symbols expand. The lines pay out a second time only if at least one symbol expanded. If a particular line contains a win both before and after the symbol expansion, that line will pay out twice. There are no free spin symbols in the free sp in mode, thus you cannot win more free spins than the initial amount. The Wild Symbol substitute for all symbols except Freespin Symbols when calculating the wins. The wild does not expand in place of another symbol, unless the wild symbol is chosen as the expanding symbol. HOW TO WIN The player wins when three or more identical symbols line up on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different coin value in the coin selector. Coin value can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €2 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 20 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING PAYLINES In Chibeasties Video Slot the player must always play all 20 Pay lines. PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. The Paytable can be displayed. To return to the game press the paytable button again. The Settings dialog can be opened. Open history log of previous game sessions. The Game Rules can be displayed prior to start of game. The Sound can be turned on and off at all times. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 3/14/2017