Double Dragons GAME RULES Welcome to Double Dragons Video Slot with dropdown symbols, tall wild stacks, Double Dragons feature, Dragon heads features, Dragon head collection and Free Spins. ABOUT THE GAME Double Dragons is a video slot with 5 reels and 25 paylines paying from left to right. The game features dropdown symbols, meaning that winning symbols disappears from the game after the win is paid out, leaving room for new symbols dropping down. New symbols continue to drop down as long as new winning combinations are formed. The game has eight regular symbols and a number of wild symbols. The wild symbols are represented by dragons. Each dragon consists of a Dragon head Wild and a number of Body Wilds. The Dragon head Wilds have special effects and the Body Wilds are normal wilds which can substitute all other symbols except Dragon heads. The wilds always appear in these constellations on the reels. There are two types of dragons: Blue Dragon and Red Dragon. Dragon heads Dragon heads function as regular wilds, just with special features. Each Blue Dragon head that appears anywhere on the screen, multiplies the total Drop Down win by 2. The multiplier applies to the current drop down win but not to the new symbols which appear after the winning symbols disappear. The maximum number of Blue Dragon heads that can appear in 1 Drop Down win is 5 making a 32x multiplier. For each Red Dragon head that appears anywhere on the screen, 2-3 additional regular Red Dragon wilds are added in random available non-wild positions (if possible). Double Dragons Feature Win four times in a row in a game round to activate the Double Dragons feature. One Red Dragon Wild is added to one of the reels and one Blue Dragon Wild is added to another reel. Then the round continues. Each Dragon Wild added is between 7 and 28 wilds tall. Dragon head Collection Whenever a Dragon head appears, it is added to the Dragon head Collection panel on the interface and the Dragon head symbol is replaced by a regular wild. Collect 9 Red Dragon heads or 9 Blue Dragon heads to activate the Free Spin mode. The Free Spin mode is played out with the average coin value used when collecting the 9 heads. Before you start Free Spin mode the Dragon head collection panel will reset for which ever Dragon head you collected. If you manage to collect more than 9 Dragon heads of one type, the extra heads will be added to the Dragon head collection panel after the reset. Free Spin mode During Free Spins, you only need to win two times in a row to activate the Double Dragons feature (instead of four). In Free Spin mode the Double Dragon feature awards 2 dragons which correspond with the type of Free Spin mode you are in. If both types of Free Spin modes are triggered simultaneously, the Red Dragon Free Spin mode will be played out first, followed by the other one. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. Bet – The bet size is 1 coin per payline. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. Spin Button– Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Autoplay – You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. Cash/Coin view – You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. Last modification date: 3/14/2017