Easter Island Game Rules Welcome to Easter Island Video Slot with Symbol Swap Respins, Expanding Reels and Expanding Wilds. ABOUT THE GAME Easter Island is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 27-103 paylines oriented from left to right. The game has 9 regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The 5 high pay symbols are represented by animal statues. The 4 low pay symbols are wooden suits. Wilds substitute all symbols and are present on reels 2 and 4 only. SYMBOL SWAP RESPIN Every win in the base game triggers a respin (wins in respins don't trigger further respins). Respins always award the Symbol Swap feature to increase the potential win: If the winning symbols were low pay symbols, all other low pay symbols are replaced with the winning symbol for the respin (the 3 other low pay symbols are replaced). If the winning symbols were high pay symbols, all other high pay symbols are replaced with the winning symbol for the respin (the other 4 high pay symbols are replaced). Respin is playing with the same bet as the activating spin. EXPANDING REELS Reels expand vertically in the Symbol Swap Respin in the following way: Hitting a 3 of a kind win in the base game awards no reel expansion (respin has 27 paylines) Hitting a 4 of a kind win in the base game awards 2 extra rows (respin has 65 paylines) Hitting a 5 of a kind win in the base game awards 4 extra rows(respin has 103 paylines) All the reels collapse to their regular size after the respin. EXPANDING WILDS When wild symbols land on winning spins in both the base game and in any respin, they expand to cover the entire reel. Wilds that landed in winning base game spins are sticky for the Symbol Swap Respin and also expand to cover the full reel with the Expanding Reels feature. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate the total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line from the left. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There, players can find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combinationper line is paid out. Players can calculate the total win in their home currency by multiplying the total coin win with their coin value. After the respin is completed, the total win amount is added to the activating spin. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. Number of lines depends on the reel height. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Bet - The bet size is always 25 coins D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the previous coin value. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - Make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions forwhen to stop autoplay. The loss limit in some game client versions prevents players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last payout step. H) Balance - Displays the current balance. If cash view is chosen, this field displays the balance in the home currency. If coin view is chosen, this field displays the available coins based on the current coin value. Should players change the coin value, the balance field will update with the new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view players can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If they choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount by the coin value. Players can switch between Cash and Coin view in the settings panel or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RTP The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. Options Panel Opens the paytable. Opens the Settings. Opens the game history. Displays the game rules. Turns the sound on and off. Opens the games in Fullscreen mode Last modification date: 3/15/2018