Football Glory Welcome to Football Glory Slot with a Free Spin mode with sticky wilds and Cup bonuses. ABOUT THE GAME Football Glory is a Video Slot with 5 reels, 4 rows and 25 paylines oriented from left to right. The game has four Player symbols and four Royal symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Spin symbols, Silver Cups and Golden Cups. Cups The Silver Cup symbol appears on the fourth reel and contains one of the following prizes: Coin win (50, 75, 100, 125, 150, 200, 250, 500, 750, 1000) Free Spin trigger (7, 14 or 21 Free Spins) The Golden Cup symbol appears on the last reel and contains one of the following prizes: Coin win (250, 300, 350, 400, 500, 750, 1000, 2500, 5000, 10000) Free Spin trigger (7, 14 or 21 Free Spins) Glory Boost: add 25% Glory to each Player All Stars Free Spins Trigger In Free Spin mode, the Cups contain slightly different prizes: Coin wins 2, 3 or 4 extra Free Spins 1-2 Extra sticky wilds Wild Reel If a Silver/Gold Cup lands on top of a sticky wild symbol, both the Silver/Gold Cup and wild symbol are active that round. Free Spins Three or more Free Spin symbols trigger the Free Spin mode. 3 Free Spin symbols award 7 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols award 14 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols award 21 Free Spins All wilds are sticky through the entire Free Spin session. In the Free Spin mode Players Shoot a Ball when they land on the reels. If a Player manages to score, they transform into a sticky wild. The Shot happens before the wins are paid out for the spin. The wilds stick to the reel until the Free Spin mode is over. Before entering the Free Spin mode from collecting scattered Free Spin symbols, one of the following features are selected: All Stars Free Spins + 1-3 Free Spins Starting wild Wild reel + 5 Silver Cups, + 5 Golden Cups, giving players a higher chance of landing a Silver or Golden Cup during Free Spins Free Spins can't be retriggered. The Free Spin mode is played with the same bet that activated it. Wins from the Free Spin mode are added to the total win of the round that activated it. All Stars Free Spins In All Stars Free Spins, all Players are Superstars and will always turn into sticky wilds. All Stars Free Spins can be won in the Golden Cup and in the Bonus Randomizer before a normal Free Spin mode. Player’s Glory Each win with a Player in the base game collects Glory for that Player. Longer combinations give more Glory. When a Glory meter is filled, you get a Free Spin trigger with that Player in Superstar mode (no additional Free Spins bonus is selected). This Free Spins mode is played out with a coin value that is the average of the coin values used when collecting each of the Glory points. For example, if you collect half your Glory points with a coin value of 0.2 and half your Glory points with a coin value of 2, then your Free Spin mode will be played out with a coin value of 1.1. The average of 0.2 and 2 is 1.1. Welcome Glory When you play the game for the first time, one of the Players will have its Glory meter filled to more than 50%! HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the dynamic Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Sound – Turns the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. (Desktop Only) GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines. (Desktop Only) Coin Value – Increases or decreases the current bet. Bet – The bet is always 10 coins per spin or the equivalent in the home currency. Clicking on this field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 28/05 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £500,000 Last modification date: 8/5/2020