Legend of the Golden Monkey Game Rules ABOUT THE GAME Welcome to the feature packed Legend of the Golden Monkey Video Slot with Win all Ways, sticky wilds, count down wilds, treasure chest symbol, Golden Monkey feature and three free spin modes. Legend of the Golden Monkey is a Video Slot with 5 reels and Win all Ways. Win all Ways means that there are no paylines, but any combination of 3 or more subsequent symbols from left or right will give a win. The game has 10 regular symbols, 1 free spin symbol, 1 sticky wild symbol, 1 count-down wild symbol and 1 treasure chest symbol. The sticky wild symbol appears on reel 2 and 4. When the sticky wild is included in a win, it is locked to the screen for the next game round. Should you increase the bet size for the next game round, the sticky wild is forfeited. The count down wild symbol appears on reel 3. The count down wild lands with a number attached to it. The count down wild will be sticky between game rounds for that many rounds. Should you increase the bet size with a count down wild on the screen, the wild is forfeited. Should a countdown wild land behind another count-down wild, the wild is reset to 3. The treasure chest symbol appears on reel 5. When it lands you are awarded a coin win between 40 and 1000 coins or a free spin trigger. If the spin that gave the chest already gave free spins by free spin symbols, the treasure chest will always give coins. Golden Monkey feature can be triggered randomly during a spin. The monkey enters the game and changes one symbol into another symbol to your advantage! Three or more free spin symbols trigger the free spin mode. You will choose between three free spin mode options: INCREMENTAL WILDS - 6 free spins. Each free spin, a wild is added to reel 2 or 4 until you have 6 wilds on the last spin. STACKED WILD - 8 free spins. There is a 3-stacked wild that can land on the middle reel. The 3- stacked wild does not stick. STARTING WILD - 10 free spins. You start with a wild on the middle position that stays for the entire free spin session. Sticky wilds are permanently sticky in all three free spin modes. If you get more than 3 free spin symbols, you also win a coin win: 3 free spin symbols: Free spin mode 4 free spin symbols: Free spin mode + 1000 coins 5 free spin symbols: Free spin mode + 5000 coins The treasure chest feature and the golden monkey feature is present in STACKED WILD FREE SPINS and STARTING WILD FREE SPINS. In free spins, it may contain +2 free spins instead of a free spin trigger. The golden monkey feature is activated automatically each free spin in INCREMENTAL WILDS FREE SPINS. Any count-down wild left on the screen when the free spin round is over is transfered to the base game. If there was already a count-down wild in that position in the base game, the wild with the largest counter prevails. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH "WIN ALL WAYS" To calculate your total WIN ALL WAYS ways coin win, add all your symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of subsequent reels that contain the symbol, starting from left. If the number of subsequent reels containing the symbol is three or greater counting from left, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. Otherwise, if the symbol was not present on three subsequent reels counting from left, count from right. If the number of subsequent reels containing the symbol is three or greater counting from right, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. The above doesn't include any Freespin and Bonus symbols which pay scattered. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. CONTROL PANEL Win all Ways! The game has no pay lines. Any combination of three or more subsequent symbols from left or right will give a win. Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. Max Bet -Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet button again to go back to the coin value you had before. Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different bet size in the coin selector. Bet size can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €5 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 25 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING WAYS The game has no pay lines. Any combination of three or more subsequent symbols from left or right will give a win. PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. Options Panel Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. The Paytable can be displayed. To return to the game press the paytable button again. The Settings dialog can be opened. Open the history log of previous game sessions. The Game Rules can be displayed prior to start of game. The Sound can be turned on and off at all times. Open the history log of previous game sessions. Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us. Additional Information If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. This is game rules version 2.0, dated 4/11 2016. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us Last modification date: 6/5/2017