Golden Fish Tank GAME RULES WELCOME TO GOLDEN FISHTANK VIDEO SLOT WITH FREESPIN MODE AND GOLDEN BET. Golden Fishtank is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. Three or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the screen activate Free Spin mode. The free spin mode is played with the same bet and lines that activated it. Before starting to spin, you may pick a number of objects with hidden content that contain features that will be activated during the free spin mode. 3 freespin symbols award 6 free spins with 3 feature picks. 4 free spin symbols award 8 free spins with 4 feature picks. 5 free spin symbols award 10 free spins with 5 feature picks. If the Golden Bet feature is activated, you get 1 additional pick if you would enter the free spin mode. A Golden Bet spin cost 25 cost instead of 20. The 18 pickable objects contain the following features: 2 extra free spins 2 extra free spins 4 extra free spins x2 multiplier on all wins 1 wild randomly placed each spin 1 wild randomly placed each spin 2 wilds randomly placed each spin 1 wild sticky at middle position on second reel 1 wild sticky at middle position on third reel 1 wild sticky at middle position on fourth reel Highest paying fish act as wild Second highest paying fish act as wild Third highest paying fish act as wild Fourth highest paying fish act as wild Highest paying fish becomes stacked on the reels Second highest paying becomes stacked on the reels Third highest paying becomes stacked on the reels Fourth highest paying becomes stacked on the reels Only one type of fish can be stacked on the reels: when this feature is picked, the three other objects that contain stacked fish are disabled. There are no free spin symbols in the free spin mode, thus you cannot win more free spins than the initial amount. The Wild Symbol substitute for all symbols except Freespin Symbols when calculating the wins. The game has three types of Wild symbols in the game. Regular Wild, displayed in both base game and Free Spins (Random Wild). Sticky Wild displayed only in Free Spins. Fish Wilds displayed also only in Free Spins. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. After free spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the free spins. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. Bet – The bet size is 1 coin per payline. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. Golden Bet (+5) – Activates Golden Bet for the cost of 5 coins per spin. Should you trigger free spins when playing Golden Bet, you get 1 additional feature pick. Spin Button– Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Autoplay – You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevents you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. Cash/Coin view – You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different coin value in the coin selector. Coin value can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €5 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 20 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING PAYLINES In Golden Fish Tank Video Slot the player must always play all 20 Pay lines. PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.4% when playing Golden Bet and 95.9% when playing without Golden Bet. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. The Paytable can be displayed. To return to the game press the paytable button again. The Settings dialog can be opened. Open the history log of previous game sessions. The Game Rules can be displayed prior to start of game. The Sound can be turned on and off at all times. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 1/31/2017