Hades Gigablox Welcome to Hades Video Slot with the signature Gigablox feature, Wild Hunts, Free Spins and up to a 10x multiplier! ABOUT THE GAME Hades is a 6x6 Video Slot with 50 paylines that pays out when 3 or more identical symbols land on a payline starting from the leftmost reel. This slot features 4 high pay symbols and 4 low pay symbols. There is a Scatter symbol that does not have to be on a payline to award a prize and a Wild symbol that only appears from fights and substitutes all regular symbols. Gigablox Feature Gigablox are oversized symbols on the reels that function like individual symbols in a 2x2 to 6x6 formation. Scatter symbols can land as Gigablox. Free Spins Land 5 or more Scatter symbols to trigger Free Spins. The amount of Free Spins in the Free Spin mode is equal to the amount of Scatter symbols on the reels during the trigger. Each Scatter symbol that lands on the reels in Free Spins adds 1 additional Free Spin. Free Spins are played with the same lines and bet as the activating spin. Wild Hunt During any spin in the base game Hades can fight all high symbols to try and convert them into Wilds. If he wins the fight, that symbol turns Wild for that turn. Gigablox symbols also have a chance to get converted. In Free Spins Hades fights each spin and each symbol that turns Wild increases the multiplier counter Multiplier The Free Spin mode has a multiplier counter. Winning fights with the Hades feature increases the multiplier. Turn the first 10 symbols into Wilds to get an x2 multiplier and 2 extra Free Spins. Turn the next 15 symbols into Wilds to get an x3 multiplier and 2 extra Free Spins. Turn the next 20 symbols into Wilds to get an x5 multiplier and an extra 2 Free Spins. Turn the next 25 symbols into Wilds to get an x10 multiplier and an extra 2 Free Spins. X10 is the maximum multiplier, after that the counter will stop. The multiplier applies to each spin individually. Gigablox that are converted into Wilds are counted by their size; a 2x2 Gigablox Wild counts as 4 symbols towards the counter. Each multiplier level has its own multiplier counter. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the dynamic Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, 5 and 6 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three Wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. The above doesn't include Scatter symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table - Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings - Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History - If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. Sound - Turns the sounds on or off. Full Screen - Turns on and off full screen mode. (Desktop Only) GAME PANEL Lines - Displays the number of lines. (Desktop Only) Coin Value - Increases or decreases the current bet . Bet - The bet is always 50 coins per spin or the equivalent in the home currency. Clicking on this field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Spin Button - Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance - Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar - Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.0%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 01/10 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/30/2020