Hanzo's Dojo Welcome to Hanzo's Dojo which features an additional Rooftop Slot, 2 Free Spin modes and 5 exciting Free Spin Boosters. ABOUT THE GAME Hanzo's Dojo is a 5x3 Video Slot with 25 paylines and an additional 3x1 Rooftop Slot. The game has 8 regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. There is a wild symbol that substitutes for all regular symbols, a Free Spin symbol that pays scattered and a 3x3 symbol that appears in Free Spins. The Rooftop Slot also features an expanding wild, a Hanzo Symbol and a Rooftop Free Spin Symbol. THE ROOFTOP SLOT The Rooftop Slot is a mini 3x1 slot where players trigger Free Spin Boosters and various Free spin modes. There are 4 different symbols that appear in the Rooftop Slot: The Hanzo Symbol Landing 3 Hanzo Symbols (can be substituted by wilds) awards 3 Hanzo Spins The Hanzo Symbol reveals a random regular symbol which becomes the 3x3 symbol locked in the center reels for the entire Hanzo Spin session Hanzo Symbols are only available in the base game The Expanding Wild Landing 3 Expanding Wilds awards 3 Hanzo Spins with a 3x3 wild symbol locked in the center reels Individual Expanding Wilds that land, expand down into the reel below, turning that reel into a wild reel Expanding Wilds can substitute Hanzo Symbols in the 3x1 Rooftop Slot Rooftop Free Spin Symbol Functions as a regular Free Spin symbol but awards additional boosters Landing any combination of 3+ Free Spin symbols awards a Free Spin mode (Free Spin symbols from the 5x3 reels and Rooftop Slot count) Each Rooftop Free Spin symbol awards 1 additional Free Spin + 1 Free Spin Feature (both when triggering Free Spins and while in Free Spins) Blank The blank symbols indicate no prize Hanzo Spins Landing any combination of 3 Hanzo Symbols and/or expanding wilds in the Rooftop Slot awards 3 Hanzo Spins The Hanzo Symbol reveals a regular symbol that turns into a fixed 3x3 symbol on the center reels for the entire Hanzo Spin session If the Hanzo Spins were triggered with 3 expanding wilds then the 3x3 symbol is a wild During Hanzo Spins, the only available symbols in the Rooftop Slot are the blank symbol and Free Spin symbol Hanzo Spins are played with the same coin value and lines as the activating spin Free Spins Landing any combination of 3+ Free Spin symbols awards a Free Spin mode; Rooftop Slot Free Spin symbols award 4 Free Spins and 1 feature each; 5x3 reel Free Spin symbols award 3 Free Spins each. For example, landing 2 regular Free Spin symbols and 2 Rooftop Slot Free Spin symbols would award: 3+3+4+4= 14 Free Spins + 2 Free Spin Boosters The 3 center reels spin 3x3 symbols The only available symbols in the Rooftop Slot are the blank symbol and Free Spin symbol Free Spins are played with the same coin value and lines as the activating spin Free Spin Boosters There are 5 different Free Spin Boosters that can be activated by landing Free Spin symbols in the Rooftop Slot. +2 Free Spins - can be awarded multiple times in a single Free Spin round x2 multiplier - regardless of when landed, is applied to the entire Free Spin round (can only be activated once each Free Spin round) Wild 5th Reel - all positions on the 5th reel become wild (can only be activated once each Free Spin session but lasts for the Free Spin session) Win both ways - lines pay from the far left and far right (can only be activated once each Free Spin session but lasts for the remaining rounds once activated) 3x3 symbol nudge - the center 3x3 symbol can be moved by up to 3 reel positions to give the best outcome (can only be activated once each Free Spin session but lasts for the remaining rounds once activated. Only available in regular Free Spins) HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include any Free Spin symbols which pay scattered. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click/tap the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. Bet – The bet size is 1 coin per payline. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. Spin Button– Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Autoplay – You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevents you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Displays your account balance. Cash/Coin view – You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 27/06/2018. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. Options Panel Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Opens the paytable. Opens the Settings. Opens the game history. Displays the game rules. Turns the sound on and off. Opens the games in Fullscreen mode The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/13/2020