Holmes & the Stolen Stones About the game Holmes and the stolen stones is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The game has 5 local progressive jackpots. If 5 diamonds of the same type are collected in Jackpot Free spin mode, the jackpot for that reel is won. Three or more free spin symbols or five collected shards of the same colour trigger 10 Jackpot Free spins with a multiplier of 3 on all line wins. Jackpot Free spins can't be retriggered. 4 or 5 free spin symbols also give a coin win according to the pay table. During the main game the player can collect shards on each reel. When 5 shards of the same color are collected, the jackpot free spin mode is triggered with an additional bonus: the Jackpot Free spin mode starts with one diamond already collected. Only 4 more diamonds are needed to win that particular jackpot. Diamonds in jackpot free spin mode are not kept between free spin sessions The player have the possibility to trigger multiple Jackpot Free spins in the same round and the Jackpot Free spins will be played out one by one after each other. All Jackpots Free spins activated by collecting 5 shards are played with the average coin value of the coin values that was used in the rounds that collected each individual shard. Jackpot Free spins activated by 3 or more free spin symbols use the coin value of that spin. All shards are saved between game sessions. Three or more bonus symbols trigger the Warehouse Bonus game where the player collects coin wins and jewel shards until the smoke bomb is found in one of the boxes. The boxes can contain 20, 40, 100, 200, 1000 coins or a shard or a bomb. Bonus game can't be triggered in Jackpot Free spins. Jackpot Rules The Jackpot is a progressive jackpot, where every time the game is played by a player, a portion of the bet value (3.8%) is contributed to the Jackpot. Jackpot Wins are subject to verification by the Operator and the Supplier. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Jackpot value is displayed at the top of the game as recorded on the Supplier server. Every effort is made to ensure that the progressive Jackpot values displayed in the game is the same as the one on the Supplier server. The Jackpot cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN. The probability to win the jackpot is in each spin proportional to your bet size. No simultaneous Jackpot win is possible, when one game round makes a claim for a certain jackpot, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Jackpot. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include any Freespin and Bonus symbols which pay scattered. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. CONTROL PANEL A) Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value – Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Bet – The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button– Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay – You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevents you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance – Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view – You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET SIZE If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different coin value in the coin selector. Coin value can e.g. vary from €0.01 to 2€ or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 20 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING PAYLINES In Holmes and the stolen stones Video Slot the player must always play all 20 paylines. PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.8%. OPTIONS PANEL Jokerizer Video Slot comes with a control panel where the player can turn sound on and off, show the pay table, Game Rules, and open the Settings dialog. The Paytable can be displayed. To return to the game press the paytable button again. The Settings dialog can be opened. Open history log of previous game sessions. The Game Rules can be displayed prior to start of game. The Sound can be turned on and off at all times. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 6/8/2017