Ice and Fire Welcome to Ice and Fire video slot with two Free Spin modes, cascading wins and unlimited Multipliers. ABOUT THE GAME Ice and Fire is a dual reel Video Slot with two 5x5 60 fixed-line-windows for a total of 120 fixed-lines. There are 10 regular symbols that pay if 3 or more identical symbols land from left to right on a winning line. There is also a Scatter symbol that triggers the Multiplier Feature when 3 land anywhere on the reels and a Wild symbol that will also copy to the dual reel. Additionally, 4 cascading wins in the same spin will award standard free spins. Cascading Wins For each win the winning symbols will be removed and replaced with new symbols dropping in from the top. This sequence continues until there’s no winning combinations remaining. Shared Wilds Any Wild appearing is copied to the same position on the other reel window, except if a Scatter appears at that position. The copied Wild replaces the symbol at that position. Free Games Feature 4 or more cascading wins during one spin will reward the Free Games. After each spin the cascading win meter is reset. Upon winning the Free Games, 8, 10 or 15 free games are awarded, and 100 or 150 extra wilds are added to the reels. The Free Games can be retriggered by having 4 new wins in the same spin, with the same number of free games as initially awarded being added to the free games remaining. The Free Game mode does not contain Scatters. Multiplier Feature 3 or more Scatters will trigger the Multiplier Feature. 3 Scatters awards 10 free games. Any additional Scatter awards 5 extra free games. At the start of the Multiplier Feature the win multiplier is set at 1x, for each winning cascade the multiplier will increase by 1. The Multiplier Feature can be retriggered by 3 Scatters in single spin, awarding 10 extra free games. For any additional Scatter symbol during the spin, the players will receive 5 more free games. There is no cap to the win multiplier, player can win an unlimited multiplier value. If both the Free Games and the Multiplier Feature are triggered on the same game, the Free Games are played first followed by the Multiplier Feature. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS Each symbol's payout is listed in the paytable for all wins from 3-5 symbols. If a multiplier was activated, multiply the winning amount by the awarded multiplier. Multiply the coin win by the coin value to get the win in the home currency. Only the highest winning combination is paid out per line and all line wins are added at the end of the spin. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Explains the main features in the game, displays all payouts and shows the lines or ways to win Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. GAME PANEL Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (30) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 30 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Spin Button – Starts the game. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay.(If available) Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.6%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.dreamtechgaming.com/ ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. This also affects interrupted Free Spin rounds which may result in Jackpot winnings. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 06/02 2020. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.12 Max Bet : €30 Last modification date: 6/13/2020