Incinerator GAME RULES WELCOME TO INCINERATOR VIDEO SLOT WITH DROPDOWN SYMBOLS AND WILD PATTERNS FEATURE. Incinerator is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has six regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Incinerator does not have spinning reels. Instead the symbols are dropping down from the top in a random fashion. Winning symbols disappears from the game after the win is paid out, leaving room for new symbols dropping down. If you get three wins in a row, a group of symbols will turn into wild according to a pattern that you can see on the right side in the interface. Wild symbols from the pattern will also appear where there are no symbols present on the reels. If you get three more wins, this is repeated. There are two types of patterns: Normal patterns and Super patterns. You can find the possibilities of each kind in the pay table. The first wild pattern each round will most likely be a Normal pattern, but has a chance to be a Super pattern. All subsequent wild patterns are always Super patterns. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different coin value in the coin selector. Coin value can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €5 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 20 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING PAYLINES In Incinerator Video Slot the player must always play all 20 Pay lines. PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. THE OVERALL THEORETICAL RETURN TO PLAYER IS 96.1%. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Opens the rules of the game. Turn the sounds on or off. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 1/31/2017