Lightning Joker Welcome to Lightning Joker Video Slot with Rapid Respin, Multiplier Strike and Mystery Win features. ABOUT THE GAME Lightning Joker is a 3x3 Video Slot with 5 paylines starting from the leftmost reel. This slot features 7 regular symbols that pay when 3 symbols line up on a payline. There is also a Wild symbol that substitutes for all regular symbols and pays out itself if 3 line up on a payline. There is also a Joker symbol that awards the Mystery Win Feature. Rapid Respin Fill any 2 reels with identical symbols to trigger a respin of the non-matching and non-wild symbols. Wilds can substitute for any regular symbol in the matching reels and still trigger the Respin. The Joker symbol cannot land on respins. Multiplier Strike Fill 3 reels with identical symbols to trigger a Multiplier. Wilds can substitute for any regular symbol and still trigger the Multiplier. The possible Multipliers to trigger are: x2,x3,x5 or x10. Mystery Win Land 2 Joker Symbols anywhere on the reels to receive a Mystery win of x2 to x10 000. Land 3 Joker Symbols anywhere on the reels to receive a Mystery win of x100 to x10 000. Land 3 Joker Symbols on a payline to receive a Mystery win of x1000 to x10 000. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the dynamic Pay Table. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Sound – Turns the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. (Desktop Only) GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines. (Desktop Only) Coin Value – Increases or decreases the current bet. Bet – The bet is always 5 coins per spin or the equivalent in the home currency. Clicking on this field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.3%. Max Exp : 500 RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 27/05 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/13/2020