Legend of the White Snake Lady GAME RULES WELCOME TO ‘LEGEND OF THE WHITE SNAKE LADY’ VIDEO SLOT WITH STICKY RE-SPIN WILDS AND MASSIVE PAYOUTS FOR 5-OF-A-KIND. ABOUT THE GAME Legend of the White Snake Lady is a Video Slot with 5 reels and ‘WIN ALL WAYS’ Payouts, oriented from the left to right and from the right to the left. The game has 5 low pay and 1 high pay symbol that win if three or more Symbols are lined up in sequence on a Payline, beginning from the left or right most position. The Wild symbol is exclusively positioned on the 3rd (middle) reel and substitutes for all symbols in both directions. Landing a wild always triggers a re-spin with the Wild locked in its position. Up to three wilds can land in a game round. All symbols pay 2500 from left and 2500 from right for a 5-of-a-kind win. A natural 5-of-a-kind without wilds for the White Snake Lady symbol pays 25000 from left and 25000 from right. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total Payline coin win, calculate all Payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single Payline win, count the number of identical Symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the Payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the Payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical Symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with one Wild in the middle, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, all win combinations are paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME PANEL A) Win all Ways! The game has no pay lines. Any combination of three or more subsequent symbols from left or right will give a win. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet -Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different bet size in the coin selector. Bet size can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €5 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 25 coins (1 coin per payline). PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. RETURN TO PLAYER The theoretical return to player is 96.1%. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. The Paytable can be displayed. To return to the game press the paytable button again. The Settings dialog can be opened. Open the history log of previous game sessions. The Game Rules can be displayed prior to start of game. The Sound can be turned on and off at all times. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 1/31/2017