Multifly Welcome to Multifly Video Slot with Free Spins, Dropdown wins and unlimited multipliers. ABOUT THE GAME Multifly is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 3 rows. This game features 243 ways which pay out when identical symbols land on the leftmost 3+ reels. The game has 4 regular high paying symbols, represented by jungle animals and 6 low paying symbols represented by card ranks. There is also a wild symbol that appears in the base game and in Free Spins. There is also a scatter symbol that appears on reels 2,3 and 4 in the base game only. Dropdown Feature This game features Dropdown wins, meaning that winning symbols disappear from the reels, leaving room for new symbols to drop down. Each time the player gets a Dropdown win, a wild is added to one of the winning positions before the rest of the slot positions are refilled. Wilds and Reel Multipliers Wilds substitute for all regular symbols. When a wild lands, or is added after a win, it adds 1 to reel multiplier on the reel it appeared on. The reel multiplier applies to all wins with at least 1 symbol on that reel. If multiple reel multipliers are applied to a win, they are multiplied not summed, e.g. x2 and x4 award a total multiplier of x8. Reel multipliers are reset in the base game after a losing Dropdow. Free Spins Landing 3 scatter symbols awards 10 Free Spins. Reel multipliers do not reset between spins and the multipliers gathered on the activating spin are carried over into Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same bet as the activating spin. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH WAYS To calculate the total Ways coin win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the left. If the number of consecutive reels containing the symbol is 3 or greater counting from the left, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example: if the first reel contain 2 symbols, the second reel has 3 symbols and the third reel has 2 symbols, the total multiplier is counted as follows: 2*3*2=12 (total multiplier). The above doesn't include any Scatter symbols which pay scattered. Way Wins are summed together after the spin. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS The options icon expands and collapses the options tray. Pay Table – Displays the payout of each symbol dynamically, description of the game features, and all information about the paylines. Game Settings – Opens the setting panel with the game speed, game volume and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on the gaming website, stores the last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the game rules. Mute – Turns the sounds on and off. GAME PANEL Ways to Win – Displays the number of ways to win. Coin Value – Increases or decreases the current bet. Bet – The bet is always 20 coins per spin or the equivalent in the home currency. Clicking on this field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. In Free Spins the spin button disappears and is replaced with a display of the remaining amount of Free Spins. (players can also press the space bar to spin) Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.3%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. If the player chooses to skip the replay, their win will be added to their balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website's support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 10/03 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.1 Max Bet : €75 Last modification date: 6/13/2020