Medusa Fortune and Glory About the Game MEDUSA - FORTUNE & GLORY is a 6 reel, 4096 ways Video Slot. The game has 9 regular symbols, a Wild symbol that substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and can trigger the Spreading Wilds feature and a Bonus symbol that triggers the Free Games Feature. The player can then choose to play the Fortune Feature with win multipliers or the Glory Feature with extra Wild symbols. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is 96.62%. Game Rules Choose your coin value. 4096 ways are played. The total bet is 10 multiplied by the coin value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Winning combinations start on the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations may only contain one symbol from each consecutive reel, except for BONUS. All wins multiplied by the coin value, except BONUS. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. BONUS wins are multiplied by the total bet. BONUS appears on reels 2,3,4 and 5 only. WILD appears on reels 2,3,4, and 5 only and substitutes for all symbols, except BONUS. Spreading Wilds Any WILD that appears has a chance of adding more WILDS on the reels. Spreading Wilds can occur in base game and both free game features. Spreading Wilds can occur on all symbol except Wild and Bonus symbol. Each WILD may add 1, 2 or 3 extra WILDS. WILDS are added to reels 2,3,4 & 5 only. Wins are calculated after WILDS have been added. Free Games Feature 3 or more BONUS triggers the Free Games Feature. Choose your Feature: Fortune Feature Win 8,12,15,20,30 or 40 Free Games. Win x2,x3,x5,x8,x10 or x20 Win Multiplier. Select a box to reveal the number of Free Games. Select a box to reveal the Win Multiplier. All wins during the Fortune Feature are multiplied by the Win Multiplier. Fortune Feature can be triggered again during the Fortune Feature, with 10 extra Free Games awarded. Coin Value is the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Glory Feature Win 5,8,10,12,15 or 20 Free Games. Win 1,2 or 3 extra Wild symbols. Extra Wild symbols are selected from all symbols, except WILD and BONUS. Extra Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except BONUS. Select a box to reveal the number of Free Games. Select a box to reveal the Extra Wild symbols. Glory Feature can be triggered again during the Glory Feature, with 10 extra Free Games awarded. Coin Value is the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. How to Play Select the coin value. Press the Spin Button to start game. Autoplay Options Number of Spins: The Autoplay session will stop when the selected number of spins has been reached. Loss Limit: The Autoplay session will stop if your total loss for the Autospin session is equal to or exceeds the selected limit. Single Win Limit: The Autoplay session will stop if the win on a single spin is equal to or exceeds the selected limit. How to Calculate Wins Each symbol's payout is listed in the paytable for all wins. Multiply the coin win by the coin value to get the win in the home currency. Game Options Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Volume - Turns the sounds on or off. Paytable - Explains the main features in the game, displays all payouts (changes depending on cash view or coin view) and shows the lines or ways to win. Settings - Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. History - If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Panel Bet - The bet is always 10 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Coin Value - Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (10) by the coin value. Total bet - Shows the total bet at the selected coin value. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state (Desktop only). Spin Button - Starts the game Autoplay Button - Opens the Autoplay Options. If Autoplay is active, clicking the button stopsAutoplay. Win - Displays the win for the current or last payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance - Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Keyboard Shortcuts Space Bar - Press the space bar to spin. The maximum win from a single game is £223,200 Last modification date: 8/5/2020