Nirvana GAME RULES WELCOME TO NIRVANA VIDEO SLOT WITH A FREE SPIN MODE WHERE YOU CAN SELECT ONE OF THREE FEATURES. Nirvana is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except free spin symbols. Three or more free spin symbols landing anywhere trigger the free spin mode. You may then select one out of three features to play with in the free spin mode. The three features are Wild Seeds, Mega Reel and Nudge Reels. Wild Seeds - every spin, 2-4 wilds are added to random positions. The wilds can't be added where there is already a wild or a free spin symbol. Mega Reel - the three middle reels spin synchronized and the three reels will always show the same combination of three symbols. For example, if second reel shows Heart, Heart, Diamond, then both third and fourth reel will also show Heart, Heart, Diamond. Nudge Reels - after the reels have stopped, one of the reels will nudge one step up or down if the win can be improved. If free spins can be triggered, the best nudge that triggers the free spin mode is chosen. If Mega Reel is active together with Nudge Reels, whole Mega Reel nudges as one reel. Should you get three or more free spin symbols again in the free spin mode, the number of spins left is reset to 10 and you get to choose another feature. Now both features are activated. Should you get three or more free spin symbols again, the number of spins left is reset to 10 and you play with all three features activated. If 4 or 5 free spin symbols land, a coin win of 1000 or 5000 coins is awarded respectively in addition to triggering or re-triggering free spins. 2 free spin symbols landing in the base game give 1 free spin with one of the features randomly chosen. The free spin is played out immediately in the base game. Should you get 3 free spin symbols in this free spin, the free spin mode starts with an option to select any 1 of the 3 features. 2 free spin symbols landing in the free spin mode give 1 extra free spin with the current configuration of features. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different coin value in the coin selector. Coin value can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €5 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 20 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING PAYLINES In Nirvana Video Slot the player must always play all 20 Pay lines. PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. Some feature selection strategies have slightly lower return to player: The strategy to pick first Mega Reel, then Nudge has 96.1% return to player. The strategy to pick first Wild Seeds, then Nudge has 96.0% return to player. OPTIONS PANEL Nirvana Video Slot comes with an options panel where the player can turn sound on and off, show the Paytable, Game Rules, and open the Settings dialog. The Paytable can be displayed. To return to the game press the paytable button again. The Settings dialog can be opened. Open the history log of previous game sessions. The Game Rules can be displayed prior to start of game. The Sound can be turned on and off at all times. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 1/31/2017