Nikola Tesla's Incredible Machine Game Rules Welcome to NIKOLA TESLA'S INCREDIBLE MACHINE™ Video Slot with Exploding Wilds, Wild Substitutions, Reel Clones and Free Spins mode with a Level Up System. ABOUT THE GAME NIKOLA TESLA'S INCREDIBLE MACHINE™ is a 5-reel, 25 fixed paylines Video Slot that features an Exploding Wild Feature, a Wild Substitution Feature, a Reel Clone Feature and Free Spins with a Level Up System. REGULAR SYMBOLS Winning combinations trigger from left to right. Matching symbols must be next to each other on a payline. All wins are calculated per payline with your selected stake (and not with the total bet). Only the highest valid combination per payline will be paid. During Free Spins winning combinations trigger from both sides where only the highest win per payline from both ways is paid. WILD SYMBOLS The Wild Symbol can substitute any other symbol to complete a winning combination. It does not substitute Free Spins Scatter Symbols and Level Up Scatter Symbols. FREE SPINS SCATTER SYMBOL The Free Spins Scatter Symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol. If you receive 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins Scatter Symbols, regardless of the position, 8, 10 or 12 Free Spins are awarded respectively. 3 Free Spins Symbols award 8 Free Spins 4 Free Spins Symbols award 10 Free Spins 5 Free Spins Symbols award 12 Free Spins During Free Spins winning combinations trigger from both sides where only the highest win per payline from both ways is paid. Free Spins and Energy Burst feature cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins and Energy Burst Feature are played at the lines and bet of the triggering spin. Free Spins and Energy Burst feature cannot be triggered at the same time in the base game. Before the 1st Free Spin a Fixed Wild is placed on the central position of the reels (3rd reel, 2nd row). Free Spins start with Level 1. During Free Spins the Level Up Scatter symbol can appear on slot reels 1 or 5. If it appears, it will increase the Free Spins-Level by 1 till the maximum of 5. Level Up Scatter Symbol does not appear in the Free Spins-Level 5. With each gained level a Fixed Wild Symbol will be placed randomly on the reels 2-4 directly adjacent to the initial fixed wild. The other wilds that appear during this feature do not remain fixed/sticky for the entire Bonus/Free Spins. During Free Spins additional Free Spins will be awarded as long as a Level Up is triggered by a Level Up Scatter Symbol on the then-last Free Spin. ENERGY BURST FEATURE As soon as 3 similar symbols (except Wild Symbols and Free Spins Scatter Symbols) appear on the 3rd slot reel the Energy Burst Feature is activated and Bonus Spins with 1 out of 3 Bonus Features (Exploding Wilds, Reel Clone or Wild Substitution) will be triggered randomly The lower symbols Jack, Queen, King and Ace generate 3 Bonus Spins. The high symbols Capacitor, Goggles and Watch generate 5 Bonus Spins. Free Spins feature cannot be triggered from Energy Burst feature. ENERGY BURST I EXPLODING WILD After the Energy Burst Feature has been triggered, 2 or 3 randomly selected symbols on the display will be substituted by Fixed Wild Symbols. The Bonus Spins will start. During Bonus Spins the Fixed Wild Symbols remain at the display. The other wilds that appear during this feature do not remain fixed/sticky for the entire Bonus/Free Spins. ENERGY BURST II WILD SUBSTITUTION After the Energy Burst Feature has been triggered, a randomly selected symbol (Ace, Capacitor or Goggles) will be chosen. If the selected symbol appears on the display during Bonus Spins, it will be converted into a Wild Symbol. ENERGY BURST III REEL CLONE After the Energy Burst Feature has been triggered, 3 randomly selected reels (1-2-4, 1-3-4 or 2-3-4) are linked so that they always have the same symbol arrangement on the display. The linked reels remain the same for all Bonus Spins. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate the total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line from the left. During Free Spins paylines can be formed also from the right side. Count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line from the right. Only the higher win from the left or ride side will be paid out. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the paytable. There, players can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above does not include any Free Spins Scatter symbols. If the winning combination starts with 3 Wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in a home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click/tap the options icon to expand or collape the options tray. Paytable – Find how much each symbol pays out, exlanations of the game features, and informations on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. GAME PANEL A) Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Stake – Changes the total bet by changing the stake. C) Total Bet – Displays the current bet amount. To calculate it, the lines (25) are multiplied by the stake value. D) Max Bet – Sets the stake value to the largest available. E) Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. F) Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. G) Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Credits – Displays the player's account balance. Options Panel The options icon expands and collapses the options tray Opens the paytable. Opens the Settings panel. Opens the game history. Opens the Gamerules. Turns the sound on/off The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/13/2020