Neon Rush Splitz Welcome to Neon Rush Video Slot with the signature Splitz symbols, a Free Spin mode and 6 different Jackpots. ABOUT THE GAME Neon Rush is a 5x3 Video Slot with 10 paylines starting from the leftmost reel. This slot features 5 regular symbols that pay when 3 or more line up on a payline. There is a Free Spin symbol that only appears in the base game and does not have to be on a payline to award a prize, a Wild symbol that substitutes all regular symbols, a Jackpot symbol and the Splitz symbol. Splitz Symbols Splitz symbols can land on all reels and split up revealing up to 5 symbols. All Splitz symbols in a single spin reveal the same symbol. Splitz can reveal regular symbols, Jackpot symbols and wilds in the base game. In Free Spins, Splitz symbols reveal Jackpot symbols or Wild symbols only. Splitz symbols reveal 1 symbol on reel 1, they reveal up to 2 symbols on reel 2, up to 3 symbols on reel 3, up to 4 symbols on reel 4 and up to 5 symbols on reel 5. Free Spins Landing 3 Free Spin symbols awards 10 Free Spins, landing 4 Free Spin symbols awards 20 Free Spins and landing 5 Free Spin symbols awards 30 Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same lines and bet as the activating spin. Splitz symbols in Free Spins only reveal wilds and Jackpot symbols. Jackpot Feature All Jackpot symbols are revealed from Splitz symbols. Landing 5 Jackpot symbols awards a 5x payout, landing 6 Jackpot symbols awards a 20x payout, landing 7 Jackpot symbols awards a 50x payout, landing 8 Jackpot symbols awards a 100x payout, landing 9 Jackpot symbols awards a 500x payout and finally landing 10 Jackpot symbols or more awards a 25,000x payout. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols line up on a payline, find the coin win value in the dynamic Paytable. There you can find the value for all symbols from 3 of a kind up to 15. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols and Jackpot symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and lists all the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Sound – Turns the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. (Desktop Only) GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines. (Desktop Only) Coin Value – Increases or decreases the current bet. Bet – The bet is always 10 coins per spin or the equivalent in the home currency. Clicking on this field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.3%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 09/04/2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.1 Max Bet : €10 Last modification date: 6/13/2020