Orient Express Game Rules About The Game Orient Express is a video slot with 5 reels and 20 lines paying from left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline begining from the leftmost position. The 4 high pay symbols are represented by train passengers. The 4 low pay symbols are card suits. There are four modes in the game: Paris, Venice, Belgrade and Istanbul. You always start in Paris and then travel to the other cities after completing the Free Spin mode in your current city. After you reach Istanbul, you are free to pick your desired city every time you complete a Free Spin round. Your current location is saved between sessions. Each city has a different feature. Paris (Walking wild): Walking wilds, represented by a ticket inspector, appear on top of random low pay and high pay symbols after the reels stop. They grant a free re-spin and move left to the adjacent reel. Re-spins are awarded as long as at least one walking wild symbol in on the reels. New walking wilds can appear during re-spins. Base game: Walking wilds can appear randomly on any reel, participate in payouts (if any), move left and give a re-respin. Free Spin mode: Walking wilds appear more often. Venice (Win multiplier): The Multiplier clock can appear after a winning spin to grant a win multiplier. Base game: 2-5x multiplier is applied randomly to winning spins only. Free Spin mode: 2-5x multiplier is applied to all winning spins. Belgrade (Wild reel): Trains drive from the right side of the game panel to the left. They award a wild reel on which ever reel they stop. Base game: 1-3 reels can be turned into wild reels randomly Free Spin mode: 1-3 reels are turned into wilds each Free Spin. Istanbul (Random wilds): There is a file of postcards on the compartment table. When this feature is activated, the postcards fly onto random symbols and turn them into wilds. There are 4 random wilds represented by postcards from all 4 cities. Random wilds cannot appear on top of Free Spin symbols and Wild symbols. Base game: 2-12 symbols are turned into wilds randomly after the spin Free Spin mode: 2-12 symbols are turned into wilds after each Free Spin Three or more Free Spin symbols trigger the Free Spin mode. 3 Free Spin symbols award 7 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols award 15 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols award 30 Free Spins Free Spins can be retriggered The Free Spin mode and the re-spins in Paris are played out in the same city, on the same lines and with the same bet size as the spin that triggered them. Wild symbols substitute all symbols except the Free Spin symbol. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the far left. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row for all the symbols. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include any free spin symbols which pay scattered. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance -Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different bet size in the coin selector. Bet size can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €5 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 20 coins (1 coin per payline). PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. Last modification date: 5/16/2018