One Armed Bandit Welcome to The One Armed Bandit Video Slot with Free Spins, Respins, and massive Multipliers. ABOUT THE GAME The One Armed Bandit is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 lines from the left. The game has 8 regular symbols (4 high pay symbols and 4 low pay symbols), a Wild symbol that substitutes all regular symbols, a Scatter symbol which only appears in the base game and a Bonus symbol which only appears in Free Spins. Scatter Symbol The first 4 Scatter symbols that land on the reels award 1 Respin each. Only 1 Scatter symbol can land on each reel. When a Scatter symbol lands on a reel and all wins are counted, it changes to a Wild symbol and awards a Respin with further Wilds possible on that reel (the reel is marked with a badge to indicate it contains Wilds). Landing a 5th Scatter symbol in a single spin or Respin round awards 10 Free Spins. Any Respins which were not used before triggering Free Spins are converted into additional Free Spins. x5 Wild symbol Wilds only appear on marked reels in Respins and on all reels in Free Spins. Wins with Wilds receive a x5 multiplier (does not stack and is added to the win count up automatically). Wilds substitute all regular symbols. Free Spin Mode Landing 1 Scatter symbol on each reel in a single spin or Respin round (base game) awards 10 Free Spins. All Free Spins start with a x5 multiplier and have a maximum of x20 multiplier (not counting additional Wild multipliers). Free Spins and Respins are played with the same lines and bet as the activating spin. Bonus Symbol Each Bonus symbol awards +1 Free Spin. Landing 2 Bonus symbols in Free Spins increases the line multiplier by x5. Landing an additional 2 Bonus symbols awards an additional x10 multiplier on all line wins. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above does not include Bonus symbols and Scatter symbols which pay out scattered. If the winning combination starts with three Wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. Wins are paid as per the dynamic paytable. GAME OPTIONS Click/tap the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, volume and other settings Game History – If this feature is enabled on the gaming website, players may review and replay their last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the Game Rules. Mute – Turns the sounds on or off. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (20) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 20 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER (RTP) The theoretical return to player is 96.3%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. If the player chooses to skip the replay, the win will be added to the player's balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website’s support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 24/07/2019. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/8/2020