Racing Lovers Welcome to Racing Lovers video slot featuring a Free Spin mode with 18 pickable features and a Golden Bet. ABOUT THE GAME Racing Lovers is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. There are 3 different wilds in this game. The regular wild appears on the reels in Free Spins and in the base game. The sticky wild and Jockey Wild only appears in Free Spins. The Wild Symbol substitutes all regular symbols. FREE SPINS Three or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the screen activates the Free Spin mode. The Free Spin mode is played with the same bet and lines that activated it. Before starting to spin, players pick 3-6 helmets with hidden features that will be activated during the Free Spin mode. 3 Free Spin symbols award 6 Free Spins with 3 feature picks. 4 Free Spin symbols award 8 Free Spins with 4 feature picks. 5 Free Spin symbols award 10 Free Spins with 5 feature picks. If the Golden Bet feature is activated, players get 1 additional pick when they enter the Free Spin mode. A Golden Bet spin costs 25 coins instead of 20. The 13 pickable Features are drawn from the 18 features below: 2 extra Free Spins (x2) 4 extra Free Spins x2 multiplier on all wins 1 wild randomly placed each spin (x2) 2 wilds randomly placed each spin 1 sticky wild is placed on the middle row on the second reel 1 sticky wild is placed on the middle row on the third reel 1 sticky wild is placed on the middle row on the fourth reel Red Jockey symbols turn into wilds Purple Jockey symbols turn into wilds Blue Jockey symbols turn into wilds Green Jockey symbols turn into wilds Red Jockey symbols become stacked on the reels Purple Jockey symbols become stacked on the reels Blue Jockey symbols become stacked on the reels Green Jockey symbols become stacked on the reels Only one Jockey can be stacked on the reels; when this feature is picked, the three other helmets that contain stacked Jockeys are disabled. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the ways to win. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 20 coins per spin(25 with Golden Bet). Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Golden Bet –Pressing on this button turns the golden bet on and off. Golden bets cost 5 extra coins. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.4% when playing Golden Bet and 95.9% when playing without the Golden Bet. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 19/09 2019. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us Last modification date: 10/27/2020