Seasons GAME RULES ABOUT THE GAME Seasons is a video slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines paying from left to right. The game has nine regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. There are four game modes: Winter, Spring, Summer and Autumn. After 10 spins have been played in a season, the season can change into a new randomly chosen season when a bet is made. Each mode features a unique wild symbol and wild feature. All wilds substitute for all symbols except free spin symbols. Winter features the Hare Wild that will duplicate itself to another position. The position is chosen to give the best possible win out of all positions. Spring features the Owl Wild that gives a free re-spin. During the re-spin, the owl wild will move one step in a randomly chosen straight or diagonal direction. Should the Owl move to a position outside the game area, the Owl disappears. This is repeated as long as there is an Owl in the game area. Summer features the Deer Wild that will expand in a "PLUS pattern" when it lands. This means it will add one wild above, one wild below, one wild to the left and one wild to the right of the Deer Wild. Autumn features the Fox Wild which will award a randomly chosen multiplier that applies to all wins in the spin. The possible multipliers depend on the number of wilds that landed: the more wilds, the higher the multipliers. 1 wild gives a multiplier of 2,3,4 or 5. 2 wilds give a multiplier of 3,4,5 or 6. 3 wilds give a multiplier of 4,5,6 or 7. 4 wilds give a multiplier of 5,6,7 or 8. 5 wilds give a multiplier of 7,8,9 or 10. Three or more Free Spin symbols landing anywhere trigger the Free Spin mode. 3 Free Spin symbols give 7 Free Spins. 4 Free Spin symbols give 15 Free Spins. 5 Free Spin symbols give 30 Free Spins. HOW TO WIN You win when three or more identical symbols line up on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. The winning symbols light up and show the number of coins won from each winning pay-line. When three or more Free Spin symbols appear anywhere on the screen, you are awarded a Free Spin mode. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, you can find the coin win value in the pay table. There you can find all the values for 3, 4 , and 5 symbols in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. CONTROL PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop the Autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop the Autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance -Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. CHOOSING THE BET If allowed by the operator, players may choose a different bet size in the coin selector. Bet size can e.g. vary from €0.01 to €5 or corresponding amounts in other currencies. The cost of each spin is always 20 coins (1 coin per payline). SELECTING PAYLINES In Seasons Video Slot the player must always play all 20 paylines. Thus the payline selector is disabled. PLAYING To spin the reels the player presses the Spin button. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. The Settings dialog can be opened. If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Opens the rules of the game. Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 1/31/2017