Syncronite ABOUT THE GAME Syncronite is a Video Slot with 6 reels and 3 rows. This game features 729-21 168 ways to win depending on how many Splitz landed on the reels. The game has 7 regular symbols that pay out when 3+ land on 3+ adjacent reels from the leftmost reel. There is also the Diamond symbol which pays out from just 2 symbols. Splitz Symbols Splitz symbols split up revealing up to 8 symbols. All Splitz symbols in a single spin reveal the same symbol. Splitz symbols can only land in the Synchronised reels and can have varying amounts of symbols per synchronised reel. Synced Reels 2-6 reels are synchronised on each spin. Synchronised reels mirror each other. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH WAYS To calculate the total Ways coin win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the left. If the number of consecutive reels containing the symbol is 3 or greater counting from the left, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example: if the first reel contain 2 symbols, the second reel has 3 symbols and the third reel has 2 symbols, the total multiplier is counted as follows: 2*3*2=12 (total multiplier). Way Wins are summed together after the spin. Only the highest winning combination is paid out Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS The options icon expands and collapses the options tray. Pay Table – Displays the payout of each symbol dynamically, description of the game features, and all information about the paylines. Game Settings – Opens the setting panel with the game speed, game volume and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on the gaming website, stores the last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the game rules. Mute – Turns the sounds on and off. GAME PANEL Ways to Win – Displays the number of ways to win. Coin Value – Increases or decreases the current bet. Bet – The bet is always 20 coins per spin or the equivalent in the home currency. Clicking on this field toggles between coin and cash view. Spin Button – Places the bet and spins or stops the reels. (players can also press the space bar to spin on desktop) Max Bet – Sets the bet to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.0%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. If the player chooses to skip the replay, their win will be added to their balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website's support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 29/11 2020. The maximum win from a single game is €250,000. Last modification date: 11/2/2020