Sahara Nights Welcome to Sahara Nights Video Slot with Free Spins, Expanding Sticky Wilds and a Super High Pay Symbol. ABOUT THE GAME Sahara Nights is a 5 x 3 Video Slot with 20 paylines paying from left to right. The game has 8 regular symbols and 1 super highpay symbol that win if 2+ are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The game features Wilds which only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and a Free Spin symbol which awards Free Spins. Sticky Expanding Wilds The game features Wilds which expand to fill the reel if they guarantee a win. Wilds substitute all regular symbols. All wilds are sticky in Free Spins and landing 3 expanding wilds awards an additional 2 Free Spins. Free Spins 3+ Free Spin symbols landing anywhere trigger the Free Spin mode. 5 Free Spin symbols give 16 Free Spins + 20, 000 coins. 4 Free Spin symbols give 12 Free Spins + 200 coins. 3 Free Spin symbols give 8 Free Spins + 20 coins. 2 Free Spin symbols give 2 Free Spins. (In Free Spins only) The Free Spin mode is played with the same paylines and bet as the spin that triggered it. Free Spins can be retriggered. Super Highpay Symbol The Super High Pay symbol has a significantly higher pay out than all other symbols and only 2 symbols are required to award a win. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (20) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 20 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. This also affects interrupted Free Spin rounds which may result in Jackpot winnings. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 24/09 2019. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020