Super Heroes About The Game Super Heroes is a video slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The Wild symbol symbstitutes for all symbols except Freespin Symbol. 4 high pay symbols are represented by the villain characters. 4 low pay symbols are the card suits. Three or more Freespin Symbols trigger the Free spin Mode. 3 freespin symbols award 4 freespins 4 freespin symbols award 5 freespins 5 freespin symbols award 7 freespins There are no freespin symbols in Free spin Mode and during base game Hero feature. Free spin mode In Free spins mode, after each spin, Hero mode is activated. In Hero mode, 2 Super Heroes appear one after another on both sides of the screen, each activating a different Superpower feature which are then applied to that spin. When Super Hero completes the action, her/his Superpower level is upgraded by one level and following activation of the same Super Hero has an improved effect (up to level 4). Free spin mode always starts with all Super Heroes having first level of their Superpowers. Superpower features listed by the order of activation: Mystery Win : All high pay symbols award mystery wins. Mystery wins are added before line wins are awarded (if any) and added to total win of current spin. Level 1: 5-1000 coins Level 2: 7-1000 coins Level 3: 12-1000 coins Level 4: 20-1000 coins Wild reel(s) : Turns whole reel(s) into wild symbols. Level 1: 1 random reel Level 2: 2 random reels Level 3: 3 random reels Level 4: 4 random reels Random wilds : Wild symbols are applied to random positions on the reels. Wilds cannot be added on top of existing wild symbols. Level 1: 2 wild symbols Level 2: 3 wild symbols Level 3: 4 wild symbols Level 4: 5 wild symbols Random symbol : Replaces random high pay and low pay symbols with random high pay or low pay symbol. Level 1: 2 symbols replaced Level 2: 3 symbols replaced Level 3: 4 symbols replaced Level 4: 5 symbols replaced Extra free spins : Adds extra free spins. Level 1: 1 extra free spin Level 2: 2 extra free spins Level 3: 3 extra free spins Level 4: 4 extra free spins Win multiplier : Multiplies the total win of current spin (including mystery wins if any). Level 1: x2 total win multiplier Level 2: x3 total win multiplier Level 3: x4 total win multiplier Level 4: x5 total win multiplier Base game Hero feature The Hero feature can also be randomly activated in the base game. In base game Hero mode, 2 Super Heroes have random levels of their Superpowers and it's not possible to activate Extra free spins feature. Game Panel Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. Bet – The bet size is 1 coin per payline. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. Spin Button – Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Autoplay – You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. Cash/Coin view – You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. Last modification date: 3/1/2017