Sunny Shores ABOUT THE GAME Sunny Shores is a 5x5 video slot with 27 paylines which pay from the far left and far right side. The game has 7 regular symbols and an expanding wild that always expands to guarantee at least 3 wilds. Wilds substitute all symbols in the game. EXPANDING SUNNY WILD Each Sunny Wild that lands on the reels expands in at least 2 opposite directions. The expansion can be by 1 or 2 wilds in each direction. It can expand vertically, diagonally and horizontally all in one expansion giving up to 16 new wilds. If an expansion exceeds the reels, then it will continue on the opposite side. The possible expansion directions and the probability weights for the number of expansions depends on where the Sunny Wild lands. SUNNY WILD RESPIN Each time a new Expanding Sunny Wild lands on the reels, a Free Respin is awarded with that expanding wild as sticky. If a new Expanding Sunny Wild lands in the Respin, the award is repeated. Respins are played out on the same lines and with the same bet size as the spin that triggered them. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the leftmost to right or from the rightmost to the left. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row for all the symbols. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. History log – Open the history log of previous game sessions. If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Sound – The Sound can be turned on and off at all times. Full screen (desktop only) – Open the games in Fullscreen mode. Home (mobile only) – Takes you back to the operators site. GAME PANEL A) Lines Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To calculate any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. Changing the coin value brings you to a different game state. C) Bet The bet size is always 25 coins. D) Max Bet Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button Spin the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the autoplay button. G) Win Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, This field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, this field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. OPTIONS PANEL Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Opens the paytable. Opens the Settings. Opens the game history. Displays the game rules. Turns the sound on and off. Opens the games in Fullscreen mode. Last modification date: 6/22/2017