Time Travel Tigers Welcome to Time Travel Tigers Video Slot with a massive amount of wilds, 4 unique Free Spin modes and huge Multipliers. ABOUT THE GAME Time Travel Tigers is a video slot with 5 reels and 25 lines paying from left to right. The game has 9 regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The 5 high pay symbols are represented by items from different eras and the 4 low pay symbols are card suits. There is also a wild symbol that substitutes all regular symbols and the scatter Free spin symbol. The Free Spin Symbol Free Spin symbols only appear in the base game 3 Free Spin symbols trigger a random Free Spin mode with the default amount of Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols trigger a random Free Spin mode with 2x the default amount of Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols trigger a random Free Spin mode with 3x the default amount of Free Spins The Wild Symbol Wilds appear in the base game and in Free Spin mode At least 1 wild symbol is guaranteed every Free Spin THE 4 FREE SPIN MODES Prehistoric Free Spins Awards 5 default Free Spins The entire Free Spin session has a 5x multiplier 1-20 adjacent wilds are awarded each Free Spin Egyptian Free Spins Awards 6 default Free Spins The entire Free Spin session has a 4x multiplier 1-20 diagonal wilds are awarded each Free Spin Medieval Free Spins Awards 7 default Free Spins The entire Free Spin session has a 3x multiplier 4-20 cluster wilds are awarded each Free Spin Future Free Spins Awards 12 default Free Spins The entire Free Spin session has a 2x multiplier 1-20 random wilds are awarded each Free Spin All Free Spin modes are played with the same coin value and lines as the activating spin. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include any Free Spin symbols which pay scattered. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click/tap the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount (25) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 25 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.3%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 15.11.2018. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020