Temple Stacks Splitz Welcome to Temple Stacks: Splitz Video Slot with the signature Splitz Mystery Stacks feature, 4 Free Spin levels and up to 248 832 ways to win! ABOUT THE GAME Temple Stacks: Splitz is a 5x3 Video Slot with 243 base Ways; there are no paylines, but any combination of 3 or more identical symbols on subsequent reels from the left will award a win. This slot features 5 high pay symbols and 5 low pay symbols. There is a Free Spin symbol and a hybrid symbol that can act like a wild or a Free Spin symbol. Wilds substitute for all symbols except Mystery symbols and Free Spin symbols. Splitz Mystery Stacks Mystery Stacks can appear on any reel in the base game and in Free Spins. The Stacks can land to fill a reel or partially cover 1-2 reel positions. Mystery Stacks split into 3-9 identical symbols in the base game and 3-12 symbols in Free Spins, effectively increasing the amount of ways in this game up to 248 832 ways. All Mystery Stacks on the reels turn into the same symbol. Mystery Stacks never reveal hybrid or Free Spin symbols. When multiple Stacks are on the reels and a win is guaranteed, 3 potential wins are displayed at the top of the reels. Respins When 2 Free Spin symbols land on the reels, they turn into hybrid Free Spin/Wild symbols and award 1 respin. During the respin all reels with a Hybrid symbol are locked in their position while the other reels spin. During the respin, players can land more Free Spin symbols to complete the Free Spin trigger. Free Spins Landing 3 Free Spin symbols triggers Free Spins + 20 coins. Landing 4 Free Spin symbols triggers Free Spins + 200 coins. Landing 5 Free Spin symbols triggers Free Spins + 2000 coins. There are 4 different Free Spin modes. For the first 4 times the player enters Free Spins, a new Free Spin mode is unlocked. Players can choose which unlocked Free Spin mode they would like to play in. Each Free Spin mode has different attributes listed below. Level Splitz 3 Scatters 4 Scatters 5 Scatters Steel 3-9 15 Free Spins 20 Free Spins 35 Free Spins Bronze 4-10 9 Free Spins 12 Free Spins 21 Free Spins Silver 5-11 6 Free Spins 8 Free Spins 14 Free Spins Gold 6-12 3 Free Spins 4 Free Spins 7 Free Spins Landing 3+ Free Spin symbols in Free Spins adds extra Free Spins corresponding to the chart above. Free Spins are played with the same bet as the activating spin and in the same Free Spin mode. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS BASED ON WAYS To calculate the total Ways coin win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the leftmost reel or rightmost reel. If the number of consecutive reels containing the symbol is 3 or greater counting from the left or rightmost reel, find the corresponding win amount in the dynamic pay table. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example: if the first reel contains 2 symbols, the second reel has 3 symbols and the third reel has 2 symbols, the total multiplier is counted as follows: 2*3*2=12 (total multiplier). The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which can land anywhere on the reels and award a prize. All Way wins are summed together after the spin. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. There is a single spin win Cap of 25 000 times bet in this game GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the ways to win. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. Full Screen – Turns on and off full screen mode. GAME PANEL Ways – Displays the number of ways to win. The number of ways can change depending on how many Splitz there are. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (20) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 20 coins per spin. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS Space Bar – Press the space bar to spin RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. This also affects interrupted Free Spin rounds which may result in Jackpot winnings. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support team of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1, dated 22/01 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020