Royal Family Welcome to The Royal Family Video Slot with collectible Feature Prizes, a Royal Chest and a Free Spin mode with sticky wilds. ABOUT THE GAME The Royal Family is a Video Slot with 5 reels, 4 rows and 25 paylines oriented from left to right. The game has four high pay symbols and four low pay symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline. The wild symbol substitutes all regular symbols. There are also 7 common and 5 rare collectible feature items. FEATURE PRIZES There are 12 different Feature Prizes in the base game which award special features in Free Spin mode when collected. Each reel has its own rare collectible prize which only appears on the given reel. Only 1 rare prize can be collected for each Free Spin mode. There are also 7 common Feature Prizes which can appear on any reel. Collecting any 2 Feature Prizes on 1 reel awards at least 8 Free Spins with the collected features active. If two or more collections are fulfilled simultaneously, they are treated as separate Free Spin modes and are played one after the other. Free Spins activated by collecting Feature Prizes are played with the same lines and the average coin values used when collecting the 2 features. The 5 rare collectible prizes are: SWORD 2 extra Free Spins, x2 multiplier, 2 starting wilds Only available on reel 1 CROWN x4 multiplier Only available on reel 2 GOLDEN EGG 2 starting wild reels Only available on reel 3 NECKLACE 6 starting wilds Only available on reel 4 KEY 9 extra Free Spins Only available on reel 5 The 7 Common collectible prizes are: +1, +2 or +3 Free Spins 1, 2 or 3 starting wilds Remove 1 low pay symbol from the Free Spin reels Rare items can only land on a reel if you already have a collected item on that reel. Rare items have a higher chance to land when the first item had low value. FREE SPIN MODE The Free Spin mode can be triggered in 3 different ways including by collecting 3+ Free Spin symbols. In the Free Spin mode all high pay symbols will have a chance of becoming sticky wilds. All high pay symbols on the reels will spin and may turn into sticky wilds randomly. The wilds stick to the reels until the Free Spin mode is over. Hitting 3 Free Spin symbols awards 8 Free Spins Hitting 4 Free Spin symbols awards 16 Free Spins Hitting 5 Free Spin symbols awards 24 Free Spins Free Spin symbols only appear in the base game. The Free Spin mode is played with the same bet that activated it (when activated from the chest or by landing 3+ Free Spin symbols). Wins from the Free Spin mode are added to the total win of the activating round. THE ROYAL CHEST The Royal Chest appears on the 5th reel and can award one of the following prizes through a pick and click card game: In the base game the Royal Chest can contain: Coin win (100, 150, 200, 250, 300, 400, 500, 750, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500) Free Spin trigger (8, 16, 24 Free Spins) In Free Spin mode, the Royal Chest contain the following prizes: 2, 3, 4 extra Free Spins 1-3 Extra sticky wilds If a Royal Chest lands on top of a sticky wild symbol in the Free Spin mode, both the Royal Chest and wild symbol are active that round. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start the game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate the total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line from the left. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There, players can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above does not include any scatter or collectible symbols If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in a home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click/tap the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, volume and additional settings Game History – If this feature is enabled on the gaming website, players may review and replay their last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the Game Rules. Mute – Turns the sounds on or off. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing player's coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to player's home currency, multiply the coin amount by player's coin value. Bet – The bet size is 1 coin per payline. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to revert back Spin Button– Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay. The loss limit in some game client versions prevents players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Displays the account balance. Cash/Coin view – Players can choose to view the Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If the player chooses cash, the game will convert all coin values to cash by multiplying the coin amount with the player's coin value. Players can switch between Cash and Coin view by an option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. If the player chooses to skip the replay, the win will be added to the player's balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website’s support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 19/01/2018. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us Last modification date: 6/4/2020