Valley of the Gods Welcome to Valley Of The Gods Video Slot with respins, extra lives, win multipliers and up to 3125 Ways to Win. ABOUT THE GAME Valley Of The Gods is a video slot with 5 reels, 5 rows and up to 3125 ways to win. The game has 10 regular symbols that pay if 3 or more of the same kind appear in consecutive columns from the left. The 4 high pay symbols are represented by gods and the 6 low pay symbols are represented by hieroglyphics. There are also blockers which have an indent of a Scarab on them that block reel positions until they are destroyed by landing winning symbols. Respins Each spin with a winning combination present awards a respin. These respins continue as long as players continue landing winning combinations. Respins are played with the same bet as the spin that activated them. Destroying Blockers During regular spins, 12 blockers with the image of a scarab on each of them cover 12 reel positions. When players land a winning combination, each winning symbol releases a golden scarab that destroys one of the blockers. If there are no more blockers on the reels, then all winning golden scarabs turn into red or blue scarabs and are collected for the features below. Destroying all blockers activates both Win multipliers and extra lives. Once the re-spins end, the win is added to the balance and the blockers return to the same 12 positions on the reels. Lives Once all blockers are destroyed, you are awarded 1 extra life. Scarabs emerge from winning red, orange, purple or pink symbols and are collected towards the extra lives feature. Players can increase their lives collection by 1 for every 5 red scarabs they collect. Players can continue collecting lives as long as they continue collecting scarabs. The extra Lives feature awards a re-spin on losing re-spins. Each time the Lives feature is activated 1 life is spent. When players do not land a winning combination and they have no more lives the re-spins end. Win Multipliers Once all blocker are destroyed, scarabs emerge from winning blue, teal or green symbols and are collected towards the Win Multiplier feature. Players can increase their multiplier by 1 for every 5 blue scarabs they collect. Players can continue collecting Multipliers as long as they continue collecting scarabs. New Multipliers from respins are added after the win is awarded. The multiplier which is displayed in the orb on the left or on top (mobile portrait only) scarab collection, is not added to the spin which awarded the multiplier but instead to the re-spin directly after. The total win is added to your balance once no more winning combinations are present and players have no more lives. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH "Up to 3125 Ways to Win" To calculate the total Up to 3125 Ways to Win coin win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the left. If the number of consecutive reels containing the symbol is 3 or greater counting from the left, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example: if the first reel contain 2 symbols, the second reel has 3 symbols and the third reel has 2 symbols, the total multiplier is counted as follows: 2*3*2=12(total multiplier). All Way Wins are summed together after the spin. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH A FRACTION OF A CENT This game features coin values of less than 1 cent per coin (in select currencies). When players use a coin value of less than 1 cent per coin, their cash prizes will be rounded to FULL cents in a fair way. The prizes are rounded to the closest FULL cent. 1.4 rounds to 1 and 1.6 rounds to 2. If a win is exactly between two values (e.g 2.5 cents), the rounding goes to the closest EVEN cent (will not round to an ODD amount). Casinos always store balances in cash. When a player chooses ‘coin view’ their cash balance is recalculated into coins. When players choose to display their balance in coins, they will sometimes see a rounding take place when their coin win is added to their balance. For example if they win 21 coins with a coin value of 0.004, their cash win will be 8.4 cents. The cash win is rounded to 8 cents and 20 coins are added to their balance. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.10 Max Bet : €100.00 GAME OPTIONS The options icon expands and collapses the options tray. Pay Table – Displays the payout of each symbol, description of the game features, and other information about the ways to win. Game Settings – Opens the setting panel with the game speed, game volume, stop autoplay setting and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on the gaming website, stores the last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the game rules. Mute – Turns the sounds on and off. GAME PANEL Ways to Win – Displays the number of ways to win. The number of ways ranges from 45 to 3125 depending on how many blockers are present Coin Value – Changes the bet size by changing the coin value. To transform any bet in coins to the home currency, multiply the coin amount (25) by the coin value. Bet – The bet is always 25 coins per spin. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the Autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. If cash view is chosen, this field displays the player's balance in their home currency. If coin view is chosen, this field displays their available coins based on the current coin value. Should a player change their coin value, the balance field will update with the new amount of their available coins. Cash/Coin view – Players can choose to view the Bet size and Balance in cash or coins. If players choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with their coin value. Players can switch between Cash and Coin view by the settings option or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.2%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. If the player chooses to skip the replay, their win will be added to their balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website's support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020