Vikings Go Berzerk GAME RULES Welcome to Vikings go Berzerk Video Slot with Freespin Mode with sticky wild and treasure chest bonus. ABOUT THE GAME Vikings go Berzerk is a Video Slot with 5 reels, 4 rows and 25 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has four Viking symbols and four Coin symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The Wild Symbol substitute for all symbols except Freespin Symbols, Treasure chest and Golden Treasure chest. TREASURE CHESTS The treasure chest symbol appears on the fourth reel and contains one of the following prizes: Coin win (50, 75, 100, 125, 150, 200, 250, 500, 750, 1000) Free Spin trigger (7, 14 or 21 free spins) The Golden Treasure chest symbol appears on the last reel and contains one of the following prizes: Coin win (250, 300, 350, 400, 500, 750, 1000, 2500, 5000, 10000) Free Spin trigger (7, 14 or 21 free spins) Rage Boost : add 25% rage to each Viking. Ragnarök Free Spin Trigger In free spins, the chests contain slightly different prizes: Coin wins 2,3 or 4 extra free spins Wild Reel If a treasure chest lands on top of a sticky wild symbol, both the treasure chest and wild symbol are active that round. FREE SPINS Three or more Freespin Symbols trigger the Freespin Mode. 3 freespin symbols award 7 freespins 4 freespin symbols award 14 freespins 5 freespin symbols award 21 freespins. All wilds are sticky through the entire freespin session. In the free spin mode Vikings will try to fight the sea creature when they land on the reels. If Viking manages to defeat the sea creature it transforms into a wild. The fight sequence happens before the wins are paid out for the spin. The wilds stick on the reel until the free spin mode is over. Before entering the free spin mode, one of the following features are selected: Ragnarök free spins + 1-3 free spins Starting wild Starting wild reel + 5 treasure chests & + 5 Golden treasure chests Free spins can't be retriggered. The free spin mode is played with the same bet that activated it. Wins from the free spin mode is added to the total win of the round that activated it. VIKING BERZERK MODE When a Viking are Berzerk, they will always defeat the sea creature and turn wild. Vikings can be Berzerk either by filling the rage meter for the Viking or by winning Ragnarök Free Spins. VIKINGS RAGE Each win with a Viking in the base game collects Rage for that Viking. Longer combination gives more Rage. When a rage meter is filled, you get a free spin trigger with that Viking as Berzerk (no additional free spins bonus is selected). This free spins mode is played out with a coin value that is the average of the coin values used when collecting each of the rage points. WELCOME RAGE When you play the game for the first time, one of the Vikings will have its rage meter filled to more than 50%! RAGNARÖK FREE SPINS In Ragnarök Free Spins all Vikings are Berzerk and will always turn into wilds. Ragnarök Free Spins can be won in the Golden Treasure Chest and in the Bonus Randomizer before a normal free spins. HOW TO PLAY Select your coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline coin win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the coin win value in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. The above doesn't include any Freespin and Bonus symbols which pay scattered. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. Calculate the total win in your home currency by multiplying the total coin win with your coin value. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and set conditions for when to stop autoplay. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Coin Value – Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. Bet – The bet size is 1 coin per payline. Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. Spin Button– Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Autoplay – You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevents you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Display your account balance. All wins that are added to balance are indicated above the balance field when they occur. The indication will stay until you start the next round. Cash/Coin view – You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by the option in settings or by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.1%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If your game is interrupted during play, you may replay the game round after restarting the game within 1 hour after interruption. After that time, any winnings from interrupted game will be added to your account. If you choose to skip the replay, your win will be added to your balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the support of your gaming website. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 27/10 2016. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020