Valley of the Gods 2 Welcome to Valley Of The Gods 2 Video Slot with respins, Extra Lives, Win Multipliers, Wild Reels and up to 20160 Ways to Win. ABOUT THE GAME Valley Of The Gods 2 is a video slot that has variable reels with up to 33 slot positions. The game has 4 high pay symbols and the 6 low pay symbols that pay if 3 or more of the same kind appear in consecutive columns from the left. There are also blockers which have a relief of a Scarab on them that block reel positions until they are unlocked by landing winning symbols. Respins Each spin with a winning combination awards a respin. These respins continue as long as players continue landing winning combinations. Respins are played with the same bet as the spin that activated them. Destroying Blockers During regular spins, 16 slot positions are covered by Scarab symbols. These slot positions are not active. When players land a winning combination, each winning symbol releases a white scarab that destroys one of the blockers. If there are no more blockers on the reels, then all white scarabs left turn into red , gold or blue scarabs and are collected for the features below. Destroying all blockers activates both Win Multipliers, Wild Reels and Extra Lives. Once the respins end, the win is added to the balance and the blockers return to the same 16 positions on the reels. Extra Lives Once all blockers are destroyed, you are awarded 1 Extra Life. Scarabs emerge from winning red colored symbols and are collected towards the Extra Lives feature. Players can increase their lives collection by 1 for every 5 red scarabs they collect. Players can continue collecting lives as long as they continue collecting scarabs. The Extra Lives feature awards a respin on losing respins. Each time the Lives feature is activated 1 life is spent. When players do not land a winning combination and they have no more lives, the respins end. Wild Reel Once all blockers are destroyed, scarabs emerge from winning purple and green high symbols and are collected towards the Wild Reel feature. 1 Wild Reel is added to the reels for every 5 gold scarabs collected, and will stay in place until it's a part of a win or respins end. Players can continue triggering Wild Reels as long as they continue collecting scarabs. Win Multipliers Once all blockers are destroyed, scarabs emerge from winning blue symbols and are collected towards the Win Multiplier feature. Players can increase their multiplier by 1 for every 5 blue scarabs they collect. Players can continue collecting Multipliers as long as they continue collecting scarabs. New Multipliers from respins are added after the win is awarded. The multiplier which is displayed in the blue orb is not added to the spin which awarded the multiplier but instead to the respin directly after. The total win is added to your balance once no more winning combinations are present and players have no more lives. HOW TO PLAY Select the coin denomination. Press the Spin button to start game. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH "Up to 20160 Ways to Win" To calculate the total up to 20160 Ways to Win coin win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the left. If the number of consecutive reels containing the symbol is 3 or greater counting from the left, find the corresponding win amount in the pay table. If any of the reels contains more than 1 instance of the symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example: if the first reel contains 2 symbols, the second reel has 3 symbols and the third reel has 2 symbols, the total multiplier is counted as follows: 2*3*2=12 (total multiplier). All Way Wins are summed together after the spin. Calculate the total win in the home currency by multiplying the total coin win with the coin value. GAME OPTIONS The options icon expands and collapses the options tray. Pay Table – Displays the payout of each symbol dynamically, description of the game features, and other information about the ways to win. Game Settings – Opens the setting panel with the game speed, game volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on the gaming website, stores the last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the game rules. Mute – Turns the sounds on and off. GAME PANEL Ways – Displays the number of possible ways to win with the current reel state. Coin Value – Increases or decreases the current bet. Bet – The bet is always 25 coins per spin or the equivalent in the home currency. Clicking on this field toggles between coin and cash view. Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. (players can also press the space bar to spin) Max Bet – Sets the coin value to the largest available. Pressing the button a second time returns it to its original state. (Desktop Only) Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Clicking on the field toggles between coin and cash view. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.0%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. If the player chooses to skip the replay, their win will be added to their balance immediately. In any situation where the replay-functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website's support team. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. This is game rules version 1.0, dated 3/9 2020. To make available any previous version, please use the contact form at http://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/contact-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/24/2020