Vikings go to Hell GAME RULES Welcome to Vikings Go To Hell Video Slot with 3 Free Spin modes, Sticky Wilds, Base Game Respins and Treasure Chests. ABOUT THE GAME Vikings Go To Hell is a Video Slot with 5 reels, 4 rows and 25 paylines. The game has four Viking symbols and four weapon symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. There is also a wild symbol that substitutes for all regular symbols, a Free Spin symbol that pays scattered and a Treasure chest symbol that only appears on the 5th reel. RAGE COLLECTION Players can collect rage points through the game. When a player collects 100 rage points on 1 Viking, they will be awarded 7 Berzerk Free Spins. All new players receive 50 rage points for 1 Viking. Rage points are kept between playing sessions. If a player collects 100 points or more, they will trigger the Berzerk Free Spins and any points over 100 will be added to their collection after the Free Spin round ends. COLLECTING RAGE POINTS Every Wild attained during a battle with a regular demon, The Lord of Chains or Lucifir awards 1 Rage point. In Berzerk Free Spins the Viking which is in Berzerk mode does not collect rage points during the round Players can be awarded 30 rage points for 1 Viking in a base game treasure chest Players can be awarded 30 rage points for all 4 Vikings in a base game treasure chest BASE GAME DEMON FIGHTS If 2 or more Free Spin symbols land on the reels, a demon fight will occur with each Viking symbol on the reels. Each time a Viking wins the fight, the Viking turns into a wild symbol and 1 rage point for that specific Viking is added to its rage collection. Players can collect rage points through the game. When a player collects 100 rage points on 1 Viking, they will be awarded 7 Berzerk Free Spins. All new players receive 50 rage points for 1 Viking. Rage points are kept between playing sessions. If a player collects 100 points or more, they will trigger the Berzerk Free Spins and any points over 100 will be added to their collection after the Free Spin round ends. RESPINS Respins are triggered any time 2 Free Spin symbols land on the reels in the base game. Respins can be retriggered by landing 2 more Free Spin symbols. All wilds on the reels are sticky during the respins. BASE GAME TREASURE CHEST The treasure Chest only appears on the 5th Reel and can award an Epic or Good tablet with the prizes below. Epic Tablet 12, 16 Free Spins (this prize is removed if the player landed 3+ Free Spin symbols in the same spin) 30 point rage boost for all Vikings 600 - 1200 coins Good Tablet 7 Free Spins (this prize is removed if the player landed 3+ Free Spin symbols in the same spin) 30 point rage boost for 1 Viking 150 - 300 coins THE 3 TYPES OF FREE SPIN MODES LEVEL 1 FREE SPIN MODE This Free Spin mode is triggered by collecting 3+ Free Spin symbols or winning a Free Spin trigger in the base game treasure chest. In this Free Spin mode all Viking symbols that appear on the reels will fight a demon. If they win the fight they will award 1 Rage point each and will turn into a wild. All wild symbols in the Free Spin mode are sticky. There are no Free Spin symbols in any of the Free Spin modes. THE LORD OF CHAINS The Lord of Chains appears at the end of each spin where at least 1 Viking symbol is present (Until he is defeated by getting 3 hits). He chooses a random Viking to fight. If the Viking gets a hit on the Lord of Chains, the Viking turns into a sticky wild and 1 health bar is removed from the Lord of Chains. Defeating the Lord of Chains awards level 2 Free Spins which are played at the end of the level 1 Free Spin mode. For the remaining Free Spins the player receives 2 random wilds and all Vikings win their fights with the regular demon. The number of level 1 Free Spin symbols are awarded in the following way: 3 Free Spin symbols award 7 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols award 12 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols award 16 Free Spins. BERZERK FREE SPINS MODE Berzerk Free Spins are the same as Level 1 Free Spins except only 7 spins can be awarded and they can only be triggered by collecting 100 rage points on one Viking. The Viking that triggered Berzerk Free Spins always wins against the regular demon but does not collect rage points. The coin value for this Free Spin session is the average of all spins where rage points were collected. LEVEL 2 FREE SPIN MODE When entering Level 2 Free Spins, all sticky wilds from level 1 Free Spins are reset and the player receives 7 Free Spins. If there is a Viking in Berzerk mode he continues to be in Berzerk mode. At the end of each level 2 Free Spin, 1 Viking is chosen to fight Lucifir. Each hit on Lucifir awards 2 random sticky wilds. LUCIFIR Lucifir appears at the end of each Level 2 Free Spin where at least 1 Viking symbol is present (Until he is defeated by getting 3 hits). He chooses a random Viking to fight. If the Viking gets a hit on Lucifir, the Viking turns into a sticky wild, 2 extra sticky wilds are placed randomly on the reels and 1 health bar is removed from Lucifir. Defeating Lucifir awards a 3x multiplier on the entire Free Spin session and all Vikings win their fights with the regular demon for the remaining Free Spins. FREE SPIN TREASURE CHEST Epic Tablet 3 Extra Free Spins 1 Wild Reel (reels 1-4 only) Good Tablet 2 Extra Free Spins 2 random Wilds GAME PANEL A) Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. B) Coin Value - Change your bet size by changing your coin value. To transform any bet or win in coins to your home currency, multiply the coin amount by your coin value. C) Cash Bet - The bet size is 1 coin per payline. D) Max Bet - Sets the coin value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the coin value you had before. E) Spin Button - Start the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. F) Autoplay - You can make the game play without pressing the spin button every time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. To stop autoplay manually, press the Autoplay button. G) Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. H) Balance - Display your account balance. If cash view is chosen, field displays your balance in your home currency. If coin view is chosen, field displays your available coins based on the current coin value. Should you change the coin value, the balance field will update with your new amount of available coins. I) Cash/Coin view - You can choose to view Bet size and Balance in either Cash or Coins. If you choose cash, the game will transform all values in coins to cash by multiplying the coin amount with your coin value. You can switch between Cash and Coin view by pressing the Bet field or Balance field. The theoretical return to the player is 96.1%. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. For more information, visit https://www.yggdrasilgaming.com/en/about-us The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020